Brent Thill

Great. And can I follow up one with Rich? Just last quarter, we all heard you kind of commit and say you had increasing, you know, support for the business - in that every quarter that passed, you had more conviction. And then all of a sudden, you know, the record scratches this quarter and we understand that things change. But what was it versus last quarter to now that really changed your perspective? Was there one or two events that triggered, or you just -- I think everyone was trying to reconcile what you said last quarter to what just happened and sort of go back as well on that, but I want to make sure we truly understand what you were meaning there.

Rich Barton

Well, extraordinary volatility in our earnings and this big markdown on a relatively low volume of units, coupled with us running into internal and external kind of capacity and labor constraints basically brought into high relief and forced us to recognize the inherent risk that exists in the iBuying operation.

You know, it's almost as simple as that. I mean, I -- we could have -- we could have tight... -- we could solve our forecasting problems in most markets, for sure, and we can solve our operations problems. But what we can't solve is what the model is going to tell us about how much capital we need to raise, deploy and risk in the future in order to achieve a scale that we think is necessary to offer a fair price to customers for their homes in a -- you know, in a competitive way.

You know, we have been offering a fair price now while we've learned the business, but in order to get the scale economies, we have to get a lot bigger. So the -- you know, the score has changed a lot this quarter, but if we're 10 times, 20 times the size we are now, it's, you know -- it doesn't compute.

And that, you know -- that's what happened. And luckily, our calculus is different. We built Zillow Offers on top of an incredibly strong core business that has grown tremendously while we've been taking a big swing on Zillow Offers. And it's that strong core business that gives us such an enviable position in the upstream in the customer funnel. That's what happened, you know? It's not actually all that complicated logically. It is complicated emotionally because of the people ramifications of our decision to wind it down. So, that's where -- that's where it gets me.

Brent Thill

Yes. Thank you for the color.

