Ron Josey

Great, thanks for taking the question guys.

I wanted to ask - clearly so much is going
on. I wanted to maybe zero in on Zillow Offers here first. I mean, significant
demand in the quarter sales pulled forward, Allen you talked about that,
Zestimate driving even more demand you know, maybe with supply seems being a
little bit harder here and you're sharpening pricing to offset that. Rich, can
you just talk about the broader market for offers in a stronger real estate
market? Just how do you acquire the inventory relative demand? How do you
balance those two things together? Thank you.

 

Rich Barton

 

Hey, Ron, thanks. I mean, we are rapidly
learning how ZO lives in this, really this unprecedented home price
appreciation environment. The appreciation over the last six months is the
largest move up or down that we observe in the data set over the last 35 years,
right. So it's a very fluid market. But as you noted in your question and Allen
talked about in his script, our top of funnel indicators are good. Like, you
know, it turns out, speed, certainty and convenience are attractive to sellers
no matter what kind of market they are in. So we are seeing record levels of
folks raising their hand to get a Zillow offer. I think part of that is driven
by this really nifty feature we launched last quarter that we internally called
Zestimate offers which is this, live initial -- having the Zestimate via a live
initial offer for lots of the homes inside of the buy box in Zillow Offers
markets.

 

So anyway, we're also really happy with
this kind of glow that we're seeing across the business from this positive
reinforcement we have from having all of these linked businesses and having
this very large, single funnel of customer demand coming in. And the IMT and
adjacent business numbers are really, really commendable. But on ZO in
particular Ron, we're leaning in like -- we're leaning in, we're expanding in
the 25 markets, we're heavily staffing as I think we made an announcement maybe
Allen just talked about it too. We are we are planning as a company hiring a
net 2000 people in 2021, and a lot of that will be for Zillow Offers and we're
making other investments in ZO as well. So we are comfortable with that
increased investment because of what we're seeing top of funnel because what we
know about the consumer value proposition.

 

And also, we're leaning in because most consumers
don't even know what Zillow Offers is yet. They don't even know, we've got to
take Zillow 2.0 out of the kind of quarterly conference call realm and into the
consumer awareness realm. And so we got a lot of work to do there and basis
points penetrated in the business overall. So long answer, but we're feeling
we're leaning in and feeling good.

 

Allen Parker

 

Hey, Ron and Rich, I will just add. Just to
give a little color to the guidance for Q2 with respect to home segment
revenue. We've called out the resale velocity pulling some sales in the Q1. And
I just want to call it even with strong top of funnel activity, there is a lag
as we go through between offer, purchase and an eventual sale and when we see
the revenue and so a lot of this top of funnel activity will start to show up
more in Q3 and that's part of the reason for the Q2 guide that's reflected --
that lag is reflected in the Q2 guide.

 

Ron Josey

Super helpful. Thank you guys.
1. 
Naved Khan

Thanks a lot.

There is couple of questions. So maybe just
on Zillow 2.0, how do we measure the progress that you're making on the
initiative and how do you think about the long-term profitability potential in
the 2.0. And then, just maybe on hiring? What are the areas that are seeing the
biggest increase in headcount?

 

Rich Barton

 

Okay. Hey, Naved. So you know, the 2.0 bet
is all about the fact that we believe customers want speed, simplicity,
integration, value, like these are not risky bets to make on consumer behavior,
okay; they're kind of timeless features of what customers demand. And we also
believe that our brand and our traffic give us a competitive advantage,
relative to point solution competitors, because we have a large audience, we
can spread any customer acquisition costs we may have for those customers over
a much larger revenue, profit and transaction base. So that's kind of business
school answer to why we like the competitive advantage. So that's why we've
made the bet.

 

So we've made these big bets over the last
two and a half years when we really leaned into 2.0. And building out all the
2.0 components, like Zillow Offers, mortgages, Zillow closing services, even
rentals. Anyway, the short answer to your question is, it's working. You know,
all the children appear to be above average. I don't know if we're getting any
chuckles out there to the Garrison Keillor reference, but all the businesses
are performing really well beyond our expectations. So that's a terrific proof
point that the integrated strategy and the transaction strategy is working our
revenue and profit on a per user basis and steadily rising, which is really
nice to see and it's still quite low. So we have a ways to go. I said in my
script, to kind of introduce a new kind of TAM and penetration concept, this
less than 2% gross profit penetration into the total addressable market of
services in the industry, you know we keep struggling for ways to talk about
the full opportunity in quarters past we talked about trying to estimate
transaction share, and what share of transactions we touched, that is fraught,
because we don't exactly know how many transactions we touched, or we're -- I
challenged the team to try to figure out if there's maybe a gross profit
penetration metric we can come out to communicate the opportunity for ourselves
and for you all. So that, you know, that could be interesting. Anyway, there's
still a ton of work to do on 2.0 not the least of which as I said before, is
awareness of 2.0. That's where you're seeing marketing investment, increased
marketing investment from us. Anyway, stay tuned, we're on the path, we like
the path, things look clear and lots of green lights out the front windshield.

 

2. 
Naved Khan

 

Thank you, Rich. And maybe on the headcount
and give us some more clarity on the areas where these are [indiscernible].

 

Rich Barton

 

Maybe Allen, if you want to answer that?

 

Allen Parker

 

Yes. I mean, I guess what I would just say
is, I would classify, we're continuing to make investments across a variety of
our businesses where we feel like there's a lot of opportunity to accelerate
innovation for our customer, shop and dream, buy with, sell with. And so
there's quite a bit of tech and dev, but there's also transactional type
resources that are necessary as we scale the business. And so I think you're
seeing kind of a mix of those, there are some additional innovative ideas
around 3D tours and other things.

 

So, most of the initiatives we talk about,
we are looking at where we need the resource and to accelerate our investment.
But it's spread across the company, and, you know, I'll just take this moment
to say we continue to prioritize, you know, our existing resources as well, to
make sure we're making bets on the right [feedbacks]. But we like the results
we're seeing, we like the inputs that we're tracking and look forward to
execution.

 

Operator

 

Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley
with Deutsche Bank.