1. 
Ryan McKeveny

 

Thank you. Congrats on the results and
great to see the momentum continuing. So the first question, I apologize if
I've missed this, but can you share an update on the transition to using
in-house agents or employees on the high buyer transactions? Maybe what share
transactions in the quarter were working in-house and how that transition is
going versus your expectations? And second question on the mortgage business,
so the stat on the 90% share of refi is very interesting thing, it seems to be
a bit of a kind of early confirmation signal that the overall Zillow business
is moving from something that was once servicing and monetizing buyers, to then
sellers and now homeowners that might want to refi. So I guess I'm curious on
the mortgage space. Can you talk about the strategy and maybe that interplay
between, you know, driving the actual attachment on the high buyer purchase
product and driving mortgage value more generally - because I know, there can,
of course, be a lot of differences in just strategy to the approach of kind of
purchase versus refi share over time. So hoping you can maybe separate those
pieces and talk a bit about strategy. Thanks so much.

 

Allen Parker

 

All right. I'll start and Rich or Brad jump
in. But on Zillow brokerage services, we're operating in just a few of the 25
markets. So that's still relatively nascent, it's going well. We're excited
about initial results. But there's nothing with respect to attach or any kind
of data point yet. Over time, we do believe that's a great way to have a better
integrated customer experience, but we still work with partners across all our
markets. And we're learning the services that we can provide, but it's still
relatively new.

 

And then, our mortgage, I guess, the way I
would describe it, as you think about our mortgage strategy coming together,
when we purchased mortgage lenders of America way back in 2018, they were
really a direct consumer non-conforming origination shop. Our initial, you
know, strategy was to move to a broader mix of conforming mortgages, while
updating and transforming the platform and bringing in new leadership.

 

In 2020, we started to share, you know, our
focus on building the factory to bringing in the loan officers and loan processors
and building the systems. And we did that off of the strong refinance demand.
And we continue to do that in the Q1. I think over time, you'll see that mix
normalize more to industry standards. But, you know, we want to have a
compelling and great customer experience and we're continuing to work with
customers and learn. And I think over time, we expect to provide all more good
services that a customer may want, whether it be refi our customer, both those
that are doing other services within Zillow, as well as refi customers who come
looking for refi.

So, you know, we're very excited about what
the team has done and where we are. And, you know, we think that mortgage is a
very important part of the Zillow 2.0 and we're continuing to expand there.

 

Ryan McKeveny

 

Very helpful, thanks Allen.

 

Operator

 

Our next question comes from Ygal Arounian
with Wedbush Securities.