1. 
Ron Josey (analyst; JMP
Securities)

Great. Thanks for taking the question. And
Rich, just wanted to say, I really appreciated your podcasts this quarter on
"How I built this". And I wanted to ask a little bit more on the
early on Zillow 2.0 and the launching of Zillow 360. I know we're in the early
stages and I think you said miles to go, but we also set talked about 40% of
purchase originations were sourced by Zillow Offers. And so we're starting to
see this integration, you know, happened in the real world. And so maybe talk
just about what needs to happen for all these integrations, maybe the bigger
picture from a value can - we know the consumer value prop, but just the bigger
picture, the roadmap of how PA integrates with Offers and integrates with
Mortgages, et cetera. And then, since we're more focused on gross profit, would
love to understand the financial benefits of call it the bundling. Thank you.

 

Rich Barton (corporate; Co-Founder and
Chief Executive Officer)

Okay. Thanks for the question, Ron. Yes,
and that guy Ross thing was – it was fun. It was a bit of a death march though.
I think the interview went for like four hours and he clipped it down to an
hour. I was kind of exhausted by the end of that thing, but it was fun. Okay.
So yes, I mean, clearly ZO is going -- going accelerating, as you noted. And
you also noted that, kind of interestingly, so is everything else, all right.
And it's not just the market that's doing that for us, you know. PA is cooking
really nicely and has plenty of room, our Premier Agent business, Rentals is
growing nicely, Mortgages is going and Zillow Closing Services is going really
nicely as well. It just turns out, you know, it's not a surprise: it's a bet
we've made. But it just turns out that all of these businesses are interrelated
because it really is: they're all just part of one transaction, you know. I've
come to think of them as different doors into the same room. That room is: "I
want to move: make it easier, please", you know. So our ability to
increasingly package integrate and offer these mix and match menu of services
is clearly working. You know, the numbers tell the story there. So that
anecdotal, you know, data point we gave you, you just cited the 40% of purchase
mortgages originating with the ZO door, you know, is one of the kind of
specifics we're sharing to kind of give some light on that. We also have had
some early success with our Zillow 360, which is a new package, you know, that
offers a discount, that we're playing around with. And that's showing real
promise. The Zillow Closing Services attach is going well. So we can look at –
we can begin to look at these little breadcrumbs of it working, but I think the
best evidence is really staring us in the face. And that is just simply looking
at quantum gross profit, you know $1.9 billion of trailing 12 months quantum
gross profit, that's big and it's growing quickly, you know. And it is that
pool of gross profit that funds all of this other cool stuff that we're doing,
all of this R&amp;D, all of this marketing, all of these new services that are
in development for our customers. And as we're able to invest all of that money
in these things the -- you know, the lovely scale economy wheel begins to turn,
and it's turning nicely right now. Anyway, so it's that integration of the
businesses that has driven us internally to look at this overall gross profit
dollars, rather than by vertical business. You know, we also want to be able to
play with pricing as well, you know, without having internal competition: it's
all just one transaction. On a go-forward basis, you asked what are we
watching, and I would say that, you know, we're focused on the normal, typical,
transactional, e-commerce-like drivers, okay? That you experience with your
e-commerce companies. Very different from the old Zillow, very similar to your
e-commerce companies: how many trends – you know, how many transacting
customers do we have; you know, how many transactions do we have; how many
services per transactions are there; what is the profit per transaction. Okay?
And we have an eye on the overall customer package profitability, rather than
optimizing for any of these individual ones. So, you know, that's one of the key
reasons we like it, we like the comparability too. Our guidance ramp implies a
ramp -- our guidance implies a ramp in gross profit, right? But, you know, I
for one, and quite – as you can hear - I'm quite excited by the potential, you
know, growth of each of these variables that go into the gross profit equation;
each one of those drivers that I just laid out, I see lots of opportunity for,
you know, driving higher, which will multiply the leverage we see, of growth
leverage we see. And we now have organized the company, we're organizing our
filings and segment reporting, we're getting organized around these new
e-commerce transactional metrics. So anyway, I have tons of interesting stuff
ahead, in my opinion.

 

Ron Josey (analyst; JMP Securities)

Thanks, Rich. Very helpful.