1. 
Ygal Arounian

 

So just one question on Zillow Offers and
one on Premier Agent. So let's go back to Allen's comment, hope I'm not
misquoting it, highlighted purchases were not at the pace that you were
expecting kind of over the course of the quarter and you work to kind of catch
up with HPA and really strong environment, can you expand on that and what
you're doing to catch up [indiscernible] for that and fix the model or just the
model to what we're seeing, especially in light of some data that we've seen
from your competitors continuing to accelerate some of their purchases there.

 

And then, on PA, you highlighted
improvements in PA connections and that's what I was hoping you could talk
about that a little bit. And then, as listings are still challenged overall,
can you talk about the impact that has the PA business down significantly
year-over-year? Does that have a meaningful impact? Thanks.

 

Rich Barton

 

You want to start with the ZO stuff, Allen?
And I --

 

Allen Parker

 

Sure. Yes. So, yes, I mean, I think Rich,
hit it pretty well. You know, what I'd say is, if you look at our unit
economics and as I mentioned 549 basis points of return on home sold before
interest expense, being above our plus or minus 200 basis point guardrails, you
know, the driver that's there that has improved from Q4 is home acquisition
cost as a percent of the sale. So it's at 87% of home - homes revenue versus
the 85.9 in Q4, but still higher than -- you know, we would expect and that's
reflective of this resale velocity and our selling of homes at rates, you know,
higher than we would have expected or underwrote to when we acquired them. And
so, this expansion that we're catching up with, there's also a lot of nuance
just in the offers and how we present them. That we're also iterating. So I
guess what I would describe is, we are continually figuring out how to improve
our offer strength in the way we communicate that to our customers, the top of
funnel and the interest is strong, we're seeing early trends in Q2 that give us
confidence that this is something that we are going to be able to do. The guide
that I provided in Q2 is reflective of the lag as we purchased those homes,
renovate them and then we sell them, as well as the Q1 kind of overperformance.
But we're very confident that we have a compelling offer that high-buying is
something customers want even in this market, and the early signs give us
confidence that we can continue to grow and scale this business. So hopefully
that helps.

 

Rich Barton

 

I'm the -- before I -- let me editorialize
on that just a little bit that the risk of keeping this issue open, Allen...
The unit economics, the margins that we're earning on a unit basis right now
are, you know, not what our goal is. I'll just reiterate that. We want this and
know this can be a giant business. And it's only going to be a giant business
when the pricing is perceived to be fair to consumers. So it's not our goal to
have 549 basis points or whatever it is we just printed on a unit basis. No,
it's slightly better than last quarter. In other words, it's lower. But we want
-- what we're aiming to do is to provide a fair offer and charge a fair fee to
our customers, and thus we believe we maximize the TAM, we maximize the number
of transactions we can touch and participate in. And we have the ability to
sell a bunch of adjacent services around those transactions. So it's worth
pausing there for a sec.

 

All right. On the listings question, yes,
listings are really, really skinny, inventories really, really low. I think I
said this last quarter, it's kind of like the flight attendant on the airplane
when she says even though the airbag does not appear to inflate the oxygen will
flow. That is what's happening clearly in the market: volumes are up, price
appreciation is way up too but homes are just moving really, really fast. And
so, we -- we like to see a market where lots of activity is happening. We see
demograph, we see offline to online shifts happening. We see demographic shifts
happening. We see great reshuffling things happening, all to put wind in the
sails of our PA business and our business indeed overall. [You go.]

 

Ygal Arounian

 

Thanks guys. I think just a real quick
follow up on Zillow Offers; would it be wrong to characterize that maybe you're
slowing your purchases or being more cautious on your purchases based on what's
going on with HPA?

 

Rich Barton

 

Risk is always an important component of
pricing, of course, and forecast of home price appreciation is a very important
part of pricing as well. And needless to say, we're in a really - just in a
really fluid environment on that and we're learning really quickly so...

 

Ygal Arounian

 

Great. Thank you.

 

Rich Barton

 

Yep.

 

Operator

 

Our next question comes from John Campbell
with Stephens Inc.