1. 
Brent Thill (analyst;
Jefferies)

Good afternoon. Rich, you mentioned that
you're on track to 2019 original goal to hit over the next three to five years.
Could you just articulate the pathway of what you need to do now to achieve the
full vision of that goal? And then I had a quick follow-up.

 

Rich Barton (corporate; Co-Founder and
Chief Executive Officer)

Hey, Brent. Thanks. Yes. Zillow Offers is
back on track which is nice. In terms of the kind of constraints to the plan
going forward and then achieving the ultimate dream here, I guess I classify
them in three categories: one, ourselves; two, consumer awareness; and three,
capital. The biggest one and most important one constraint is ourselves and by
that I'm just saying it's execution. Like, we're growing this thing as rapidly
as we can, and really quickly in an operationally complex way and we're tuning
it simultaneously. So it is a challenge: we've got to focus on increasing
automation, we've got to get better and better at pricing, we have to reduce
costs, all at the same time. So there is a executional constraint or challenge
that I do -- I believe, and I'm confident, we're up for. But that's the
biggest. The consumer awareness one, I talked about it a little bit in my
prepared remarks, it's not insurmountable at all. It is a relatively
straightforward marketing challenge to have such a compelling consumer
proposition, you know. So I think we're okay there, we will have to focus on
increasing consumer awareness of it though. But again, we have a big advantage
with these hundreds of millions of people that come to Zillow, looking at
Zestimate, many of which are Zestimate offers now. So we have - we're up to
that challenge. And then capital, you heard Allen talk in a very legally
scripted way due to SEC regulations about where we are in that offering right
now, but we're -- I'm really excited by the progress we are making on
cheapening, deepening and lengthening our access to capital. So while it is a
really important constraint, it's kind of the fuel for the ship. We're looking
very good on access – you know, on securing access to that fuel. I know I'm
getting long-winded. You asked a bit of a kind of ultimate opportunity in TAM
question. I confess to being quite excited by how well Zillow Offers is doing
in such a hot sellers market, which has me for one kind of probing at the
perimeter of my kind of penetration and TAM expectations here. And thinking
about, you know, just how – you know, we don't know of course - but just how
much of the market will end up moving towards iBuying and Zillow Offers
solution, I don't know, but comparatively more confident now than I was even a
quarter ago – so, even a quarter ago. So it feels good to me. TAM is a good
question, but it is a question for later: we're so under penetrated right now,
you know, less than – way less than 1% of home transactions that we can kind of
begin to explore that in more detail later, just because it's such early days
anyway. Thanks for the question, Brent.

 

Brent Thill (analyst; Jefferies)

Thank you.