1. 
John Campbell

 

Hey guys, good afternoon. Congrats on the
continued success. You guys have a couple of positive things kind of spinning
up across the product set, obviously, but it feels like rentals just seems to
kind of fly under the radar. You guys put up some good growth this quarter,
last couple quarters of good growth. Just curious about the drivers there and
how much lift you've seen from kind of a shift in the monetizing of the
rentals, and then, maybe also the broader opportunity ahead for Zillow rental
manager.

 

Allen Parker

 

Great. Cool. Do I take this Rich? 

 

Rich Barton

 

Yeah yeah you start. 

 

Allen Parker

 

Yeah, I mean, 46% year-over-year growth
rate is fantastic. We-we're really pleased with our rentals business, you know
it's -- it comes from and it's driven by a lot of the decisions we've made to
invest, you know, in a fairly good streamline set of product innovations. And I
think we're starting to see the benefit of some of those over the last few
years that we've made. A lot of those are integrated service -- services like
one click applications, payments, listings and these services are all kind of
coming together. In fact, as we talked about, Zillow, 2.0, getting closer to
the transactions, I believe we're seeing that in the rental space. It's also
assisted though by this continued strength in top of funnel and our large
audience. And even some of the demographics we talked about on the housing market,
the broader, the great reshuffling and these demographic trail wins are also
helping our rentals business. So, we're excited with the progress. The growth
has been strong, and we're excited about the products and services that we're
able to deliver both to our customers and to our property managers. I don't
know, Rich, if you want to add anything.

 

Rich Barton

 

No, that was completely great. Thanks,
Allen.

 

John Campbell

 

And then, one more follow up and appreciate
the color, that's very helpful. On the IDX shift for you guys, Allen, I don't
know if you've ever framed this up, because you help -- maybe help us
understand kind of the offset on operating costs from the shift.

 

Allen Parker

 

Yeah. I guess what I'd say is, we're now
taking feeds, you know, as we're MLS, there's some puts and takes across that
there's I would say that we continue to invest to make that a great experience,
and there is some costs that come with that, whereas there's also some costs
that are reduced from some of the other data acquisition costs that we may have
had in the future. But I-I -- it's not a big enough call, I think where we've
disclosed one way or the other, what the savings are, what we really think it's
a great customer experience. And it's just really consistent with our ability
to have great information on the site and to provide a great experience to our
customers. So that's the real win, I think on the IDX side.

 

Brad Berning

 

Allen, I'll just jump in real quick and
add, it was really Q3 of last year when we saw the largest net benefit. There's
been other tangible benefits but there's been a clause to invest in the
platform since then. So it's been in the expense restructure for a couple
quarters already.

 

John Campbell

 

Ok very helpful, thank you guys. 

 

Operator

 

Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney
with Evercore ISI.