1. 
Naved Khan

Thanks a lot.

There is couple of questions. So maybe just
on Zillow 2.0, how do we measure the progress that you're making on the
initiative and how do you think about the long-term profitability potential in
the 2.0. And then, just maybe on hiring? What are the areas that are seeing the
biggest increase in headcount?

 

Rich Barton

 

Okay. Hey, Naved. So you know, the 2.0 bet
is all about the fact that we believe customers want speed, simplicity,
integration, value, like these are not risky bets to make on consumer behavior,
okay; they're kind of timeless features of what customers demand. And we also
believe that our brand and our traffic give us a competitive advantage,
relative to point solution competitors, because we have a large audience, we
can spread any customer acquisition costs we may have for those customers over
a much larger revenue, profit and transaction base. So that's kind of business
school answer to why we like the competitive advantage. So that's why we've
made the bet.

 

So we've made these big bets over the last
two and a half years when we really leaned into 2.0. And building out all the
2.0 components, like Zillow Offers, mortgages, Zillow closing services, even
rentals. Anyway, the short answer to your question is, it's working. You know,
all the children appear to be above average. I don't know if we're getting any
chuckles out there to the Garrison Keillor reference, but all the businesses
are performing really well beyond our expectations. So that's a terrific proof
point that the integrated strategy and the transaction strategy is working our
revenue and profit on a per user basis and steadily rising, which is really
nice to see and it's still quite low. So we have a ways to go. I said in my
script, to kind of introduce a new kind of TAM and penetration concept, this
less than 2% gross profit penetration into the total addressable market of
services in the industry, you know we keep struggling for ways to talk about
the full opportunity in quarters past we talked about trying to estimate
transaction share, and what share of transactions we touched, that is fraught,
because we don't exactly know how many transactions we touched, or we're -- I
challenged the team to try to figure out if there's maybe a gross profit
penetration metric we can come out to communicate the opportunity for ourselves
and for you all. So that, you know, that could be interesting. Anyway, there's
still a ton of work to do on 2.0 not the least of which as I said before, is
awareness of 2.0. That's where you're seeing marketing investment, increased
marketing investment from us. Anyway, stay tuned, we're on the path, we like
the path, things look clear and lots of green lights out the front windshield.

 

2. 
Naved Khan

 

Thank you, Rich. And maybe on the headcount
and give us some more clarity on the areas where these are [indiscernible].

 

Rich Barton

 

Maybe Allen, if you want to answer that?

 

Allen Parker

 

Yes. I mean, I guess what I would just say
is, I would classify, we're continuing to make investments across a variety of
our businesses where we feel like there's a lot of opportunity to accelerate
innovation for our customer, shop and dream, buy with, sell with. And so
there's quite a bit of tech and dev, but there's also transactional type
resources that are necessary as we scale the business. And so I think you're
seeing kind of a mix of those, there are some additional innovative ideas
around 3D tours and other things.

 

So, most of the initiatives we talk about,
we are looking at where we need the resource and to accelerate our investment.
But it's spread across the company, and, you know, I'll just take this moment
to say we continue to prioritize, you know, our existing resources as well, to
make sure we're making bets on the right [feedbacks]. But we like the results
we're seeing, we like the inputs that we're tracking and look forward to
execution.

 

Operator

 

Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley
with Deutsche Bank.