1. 
Mark Mahaney

 

Ok thank you. Two questions. Just talk
through the EBITDA margins in the mortgages segment, and I'm sorry if you
touched on this before, seemed like they picked on a little bit, not assuming
anything material, but just talk through that. And then, getting back to the
unit economics on the homes business, so it sounds like that you want to run
this business with those, I forget what you call them, the railguards, whatever
it is, plus 200 minus 200. And the strategy, Rich, you know, I think is you
extract economics from this, then to take those economics and bring them down
to the guardrail. So that long-term, you can bring down commissions, and so you
can expand TAMs and just feed this beast. So that's my understanding of the
flywheel. Now there are scale advantages as you do more and more of this, where
did the scale advantages most show up in terms of bringing those costs down as
a percentage of revenue? And, so, maybe that's really the question I'm asking
here is, as you get more and more experience and more and more scale in homes
business, where you think -- where are you seeing and where you think the most
leverage is going to come from in the expense line items that's going to allow
you to, you know, get past more of those savings back to the consumer and feed
that flywheel. Thanks.

 

Rich Barton

 

Hey, Mark, nice to see a brand new analyst
from Evercore here on the call with us today. 

 

Mark Mahaney

 

Thanks Rich.

 

Rich Barton

 

Welcome. Congrats on the new job. You know,
I think Allen you maybe start with the ZHO margin question and then we can both
tackle the...

 

Allen Parker

 

Yes. I do mortgage, I'll start ZO and you
can jump on. So, so Mark, one -- thanks for the question. On mortgage, EBITDA
margin, you know, what-what we see and what's reflected in the guide is that a
significant portion of the revenue downtick in our guide compared to Q1 is
related to the gain on sales spreads in our guidance. And so that kind of falls
through we still are very excited, you know, about the platform we're building
and we're continuing to build the factory. And so, when you see that downtick,
it has an effect, that kind of falls straight through the EBITDA versus Q1's
performance. And so that's - that's what's driving the majority of that
downtick Q1 to Q2 on the mortgage margin rates.

 

And on ZO, you know, sorry, I think you hit
it right on the head, what I'd say is, we still provided long-term targets, of
400, 500 basis points return before interest, but current period and near term,
our guidance that we provided is no -- this plus or minus 200 basis points
because of the size of the opportunity and because it's important to get out
there and provide a great experience as we learn. We're willing to invest in as
plus or minus 200 as we learn the business.

I'd say we see opportunities across all
areas, you know, we have improved 280 basis points, primarily across
renovations and selling costs versus last year. You can imagine renovations, as
you have more density in the area for your renovations, and as you get better
and smarter about what needs to be done and what the customer is willing to pay
for. Who is repurchasing the home that you'll see benefits in that area, right
now is about 3% costs -- the cost of revenue. Holding costs are reflected with
a lot of things but there are definitely many things we can do to improve
that's a relatively small cost. And then selling costs over time as we -- as we
grow Zillow brokerage services, and as we reduce through automation and
technology, some of these non-value added costs that currently happen in the
world today, we expect that number to come down. And we expect acquisition
costs to be -- to be, you know, reflective of a fair offer, as Rich mentioned,
but solid cost structure.

 

Our decision to be plus or minus 200 basis
points is reflective of us reinvesting any improvements we make right now to be
at this plus or minus 200, because of the size of the opportunity. And as we've
mentioned several times, the fact that we're 549 is just saying that we're
still working, you know, to catch up here.

 

Rich Barton

 

Yes. At the scale we are right now, thank
you for clarifying what I said Allen, I didn't mean to imply we didn't want to
make money natively off this business. But we are subscale, dramatically
subscale right now in our estimation and while we are scaling it, we're
targeting this plus or minus 200. So anyway, thanks. Thanks for clarifying. And
you have the flywheel right. That's the flywheel that we're making. We also bet
in addition to the leverage, we see on the three line items Allen was talking
about, we see leverage on customer acquisition costs, because we have a cheaper
-- we have a much cheaper customer funnel. The Zestimate offer being just like
the perfect characterization of that people come look at the Zestimates and if
more and more customers know that Zestimate is alive, initial offer for their
home, we are more likely to get first crack at them.

 

Now the challenge is making sure that
people even know Zillow Offers exists and what it is and is there a trick, is
it too good to be true and education and marketing? So we're in that early
phase of doing that right now, Mark.

 

Mark Mahaney

 

Ok thanks Rich, thanks Allen.

 

Operator

 

Our next question comes from Maria Ripps
with Canaccord.