Fiona Bruce[0:21:59]So let’s have a final word from you. One question from Jane is any legal action going to be taken against anyone in the Labour party, and how are you going to change the culture within the party from here on in?

Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:22:12]Well, firstly, since Keir Starmer became the leader we’ve had, I think it’s up nearly up to around 300 cases in our complaints system. Now, just to give a sense, that’s more than in the whole of 2019. So clearly Keir has been trying to make progress on individuals being held to account since he became leader. But just…

[0:22:33]But Jane was asking very specifically is there any prospect of legal action being taken against anyone in the party as a result of the report that came out today?

Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:22:41]Well, look, I can’t comment on whether individuals want to take legal action around particular bits of the report, but obviously, number one, I say that we will of course be holding people to account. That’s why we’re going to improve our complaints system. And Marie asked me very fairly about how we will do that going forward. We have to put an action plan together now by 10 December. We will be reaching out, and Marie knows this, to the Board of Deputies, to the Jewish Labour movement, the wider Jewish community as we do that to ensure that we do have a system, that there is no political interference, that it’s properly resourced and people are properly trained, that is transparent, that has proper rules about what sanctions are appropriate so everyone can have confidence in that.
But there is, as I say, a wider question here. That process is vitally important and we will put it in place, but there’s a fair challenge too about changing the culture, and we change the culture through leadership. We change it through leadership by what Keir Starmer has been saying and doing over the past six months. I mean, one of the reasons I backed Keir for leader was those conversations I had with him about his determination to tackle this issue. He set that out, made that apology in his acceptance speech back in April, and he’s been putting that into action since. It’s that leadership that’s going to be vital to bring about that cultural change we need. Marie is absolutely right to say that isn’t going to happen overnight, but we are determined to make that happen and to work at it.