Fiona Bruce [00:07:50] I want to hear from the audience. Liam. 
Kyle Haigh [00:07:58] Do the DUP regret voting against Teresa May’s option? 
Fiona Bruce [00:08:06] More questions from the audience. Darren. 
[Darren]: What are the rules for pets going between Northern Ireland and Scotland or England or Wales? Because it seems to have become quite difficult. 
Fiona Bruce [00:08:20] I presume you have your dog behind you in mind? 
[Darren]: Yes. 
Fiona Bruce [00:08:28] A personal issue for you. Let’s come to the main question first of all. Are the food product shortages teething problems or deeper issues with the Irish Sea border customs protocol? 
Brandon Lewis [00:08:46] I think there’s a range of things going on. I think Michelle knows what she says is not quite correct. The point I made, and I made it clearly in the House of Commons yesterday to the Select Committee in and in oral questions, at the beginning of January there are a number of things happening at the same time. Businesses made commercial decisions before the deal was done, actually before the protocol agreement was made, which was a bit earlier in December. Before the deal was done. That’s a legitimate thing for them to do. They made those decisions. One of the supermarkets, that’s why you’ve seen different branded products. It seems they made a commercial decision on that. There was an issue with COVID. There was no doubt, not just in Northern Ireland but the Webber ministers have referred to this in Wales, even people in London have had an issue with the fact some food supplies have been affected by the problem we saw at Dover just before Christmas. That has an effect on what we have seen in food shelves. Businesses in Great Britain particularly getting used to the new systems. Now the reason the protocol is there is what it allows for is products moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland, some of which move into the Republic of Ireland are due to have tariffs because they go into the EU from the UK.