Part 24Bonnie Greer[0:37:33]No, no, explain that to me, please. I’m asking you, because I don’t understand. I don’t understand how a Jewish person can say that okay, he made peace over there, but yet the antiemetic tropes of QAnon, which is gaining a hold in this country, and Charlottesville, I don’t get it. You have to explain it to me. Honestly, you have to.Marie van der Zyl[0:37:56]I just want to confirm to you that where there have been policies like the travel ban to Muslim countries, the Board of Deputies, we’ve criticised Trump. We don’t hesitate to criticise his policies…Bonnie Greer[0:38:07]But how do you feel about Charlottesville?Fiona Bruce[0:38:08]Okay. Okay. Let me bring Nick in or else…Marie van der Zyl[0:38:13]We’ll carry on all night.Fiona Bruce[0:38:13]Yeah. It’ll be politics just with you two. Riveting though that is, in fairness I must bring the rest of the panel in. Nick, I presume you’re supporting Biden, obviously. Should we be concerned here that we’re looking at the two least worst candidates, as Helen says?Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:38:31]Well, look, it’s a decision for the American people between the two candidates. I don’t think it will come as a surprise to say that if I were in America and able to vote in this election I’d be supporting the Democrats, and obviously I share the concerns about divisive language. Of course I absolutely do, and have spoken out in the past around things like the travel ban. But at the same time I think we have to recognise this election will take place next week. It’s a decision for the American people. And our relationship with America, it’s not related to one President or one era, it goes back over generations. There are cultural, political, economic ties, and there are huge challenges around the world, the coronavirus crisis, climate change just to name two of them, that we have to work with the winner of this presidential election. At the same time of course be a critical friend to America and hold their president to account and be critical too where necessary, and that’s the approach that a Labour government would take to the winner of this presidential election.