Chris Philp MP[0:07:38]Keir Starmer had five years to take action, and in those five years, in the shadow cabinet, supporting Jeremy Corbyn, he did nothing, and I think he should apologise for that.Bonnie Greer[0:07:44]Can I just say, I want to talk about trauma, because sometimes politicians talk about issues and they talk about things that I call cold and they don’t talk about things that are hot, and one of those is trauma. I’m a former Deputy Chair of the British Museum, and I was invited back there about a year and a half ago by the director to create a project around reclamation, and we decided to look at African enslavement and enslavement of people of African ancestry, and to look at trauma. The trauma that people can hold inside of themselves, even if you didn’t experience it yourself, is handed down by generation through generation through generation through generation, and it’s real.For me, if a black person tells me they’re not safe, they don’t feel safe in an environment, that it feels racist and it is racist, I listen. We have to listen, because of that trauma of enslavement. And I’m going to say the same thing about the Jewish people. If Jewish people tell you some places aren’t safe for them, they don’t feel good, it feels bad, they’re holding trauma, and we have to understand that. We have to begin to talk about that. People may think it’s trivial or it didn’t exist or it doesn’t mean anything, but the holocaust was the greatest crime of the 20th century, and we need to teach it in the schools and we need to understand it at every level that it exists, just as we need to understand the transatlantic slave trade and its impact on people of African descent today, we need to understand the holocaust and what it means to Jewish people and to Jews and those of us who aren’t Jews. And for the Labour party, I can’t even express how I feel, that the Labour party is caught up in this. I’m a Labour voter. I will always vote Labour. I became a citizen so that I could vote Labour. I will always vote for the Labour party because I think it’s the best coalition of the left for this country. But for this party to be caught up in something like this makes me sick. And I don’t want to hear it. I don’t want to hear all the other stuff. It needed to be dealt with immediately, at the top, with immediate due diligence. Now, whether Jeremy is an anti-Semite or what, how would I know that? He doesn’t seem like one to me, but how would I know? The people who know are the people who feel it, and that’s who should be listened to.
script-8-5november2020






