Fiona Bruce[0:28:59]Bonnie.Bonnie Greer[0:29:00]You know, I want to go back to the question, with respect, to the questioner. We use a term like least worst, what are we selecting, pizzas? This is the problem. We don’t talk about leadership. What does least worst mean? What do we want in a leader? So we’ve got a leader here who we got off the television, basically. And America, he’s off the television too. Is that what we’re about? We need to check ourselves. Our leader is us. If we think the leader is somewhere remote up in the stratosphere we’re going to get what we deserve. I don’t know what least worse is. I’ve lived through a lot of presidents and I know what a leader is, and we need to talk about leadership. That’s one of the problems with the Labour party and the problems with the Conservative party. It’s a leadership issue. It’s a leadership issue. And, Anthony, let me just say something to you. First of all, let me give you your respect. The last two years you have been incredible in terms of coming clean on TV in front of people, you published a book, you’re behind the incredible Lincoln Project of Conservatives and Republicans who are actually trying to save conservatism and make it decent again.But the other thing that you did, because of your charisma, your intelligence, you normalised Donald Trump, and that’s the problem. And I’m not saying it’s just you, I’m talking about all of you very intelligent people at the beginning who flocked around this man because of your political beliefs. Donald Trump was out of order for 30 years. It just didn’t happen. So we’re now having to deal with talking about least worse as if we’re talking about choosing a television host instead of a leader of the free world. This is horrible. This is a horrible position for us to be in. And so I just want to say that to you. And, again, thank you guys for what you’re doing on the right for helping getting Joe elected, but it’s a mess. It’s a terrible, horrible mess. The norms of the United States are in trouble. The norms of this country are in trouble. And norms are what make civilisation, and that’s what we have to go back to at the inauguration.