Fiona Bruce[0:26:51] But obviously you were a big supporter of Trump. You were his cheerleader, his public voice, and it was ten days, wasn’t it, I think, Anthony?Anthony Scaramucci[0:26:56] It was.Fiona Bruce[0:26:57] If he… Just…Anthony Scaramucci[0:26:59] It was 11. Don’t [voices overlap 0:26:59] …Fiona Bruce[0:26:59] Oh, 11. Oh, forgive me. Oh.Anthony Scaramucci [0:27:01]…Fiona, it was a big day for me. [Inaudible 0:27:03].Fiona Bruce[0:27:03] So sorry. But you’ve been very, very critical of Donald Trump since then, but would it be fair to say if he hadn’t sacked you you’d still be working for him now?Anthony Scaramucci[0:27:14] Well, I just want to give everybody the timeline so that they know. I started working for him in July 2017. I was fired abruptly 11 days later, and I accept responsibility for that. I did something fireable. I never once blamed anybody. And then for two years, Fiona, I tried to stay loyal to the President and to the President’s agenda. You could see me on countless shows trying to advocate on behalf of Republican policies and what the President was doing, but he made it impossible. If you’re separating women and children at the border, if you’re denouncing the American intelligence agencies in front of the Russian President, if you’re calling the press the enemy of the people, if you’re using racist nativist tropes against American congresswomen, known as the squad, it just became impossible. He was moving the goalposts, and I said, okay, I can no longer accept this sort of behaviour. So that’s what happened.And what I would say to you is the facts are changing, you change your opinion. Now, my liberal friends would say to me well, you know, he’s the same guy that he was at 2015 so he’s doing the exact same things here in 2020 so why did you change, you must be a bitter employee? Well, I wouldn’t have been supporting him for two years if I was a bitter employee. But what I say to my liberal friends is that he may not have changed, Fiona, but I’ve changed. I’ve become way more psychologically minded, way more empathetic to what is actually going on and what the struggle is right now for working class families in the United States. I grew up in a working class family, my dad was an hourly worker, but it was an aspirational working class family where we were in the middle class. Many of those families today, Fiona, are economically desperational. Mr Trump I thought was going to represent them in Washington but it turns out he was really just representing himself.