Part 24Fiona Bruce [00:32:32] Michelle the question is is this lockdown enough. Today in Northern Ireland you extended the lockdown to 5 march. Michelle O’Neill[00:32:42]: I think there will be a day of reckoning for thetory. Particularly at the outset of the pandemic when they had a herd immunity policy. Fiona Bruce [00:32:50] They always denied that was their policy. They have always denied that was their policy, Michelle. [Michelle O’Neill]: Of course, among many a thing but that’s my assessment of the approach. I ask from the very outset the World Health Organisation was clear in terms of rapidly responding. They were very clear in saying there had to be test, test, test. It took longer to kick in. But in terms of our own approach in the executive, we are five different political parties from five very different political outlooks. I have no doubt everybody around the executive table is there to do what’s right for people. They are there to work in the public interest. Five parties around any table to make decisions on all the different things that we deal with in politics is going to be challenging at the best of times, but for a fledgling executive only reformed after three years of political hiatus, I think this was a huge challenge. So there will be reflection on our own approach as well and I think there’s plenty of time for us to do that. But as Arlene has said, this is going to be the toughest week for our health service in the north of Ireland. So at the onset of the pandemic, when we were predicting what could be the worst scenario and explaining that to the public, and the public would rightly feel this is not going to happen again. Unfortunately that is what happened now and we’re dealing with the worst time that we’ve been through the whole way through the pandemic. So we’re very focused today again on extending our measures. Unfortunately we’ve extended them for another four weeks and potentially that could go on into Easter. So our focus has to be on how do we support the businesses that were discussed, that they’re experiencing all the implications of lockdown, the disruption to business, to trade. How we can support individuals to do the things that Louise talked about. How can you ask people to isolate if you’re supporting them to isolate.
