Chris Philp[0:48:06] Just yesterday the culture Secretary announced the creation of a task force specifically to look into the issues that James and Gerald are rising, clearly the art sector does have a unique set of circumstances and it will be the most difficult to restart for obvious reasons and this task force launched yesterday is designed to address exactly these issues. I hope again, as we get through the situation, as the science improves and we get things like antibody testing and if it is rolled out and there is some level of immunity, which we hope, but we cannot be certain, but we hope there will be, people who have those antibodies and immunity probably can go to the theatre and I think science again can really help us get through this but in the meantime that task force is here to help with exactly what with what James and Gerald are raising.
Fiona Bruce[0:48:52] I want to squeeze in another question which is pre-recorded. This question is from Akash Lal.
Akash Lal[0:49:00] Would you rather eat a sandwich made by someone wearing a nice smile or by someone wearing a facemask?
Fiona Bruce[0:49:20] Back to the facemask, that dominated the conversation and we have a situation where the government is advising people to wear face coverings if they are in an enclosed situation indoors where they cannot easily socially distance but otherwise, no, Camilla what is your view?
Camilla Tominey[0:49:28] The jury is out on face masks. The government had to say face coverings because they did not want members of the public buying up surgical masks that could be used by frontline NHS and carers.
Fiona Bruce[0:49:45] Would you rather have a sandwich served to you by someone wearing a mask?
Camilla Tominey[0:49:53] I would rather have someone served it so much he was obeying hygiene rules in general. I would not mind it either way, they could wear a face mask or choose not to, what is interesting is some of the evidence that went into Sage which came from the Royal Society and said one psychological benefit of wearing face masks in public, particularly on transport and in supermarkets as it reminded people of the need to distance and that is important. On the balance of probability, the jury is out, they could help or they might not, but if you think it helps to stop transmission to others and if you think it helps because it puts you off getting to close on public transport and elsewhere, it is probably no bad thing.