Fiona Bruce[00:41:40] Another question from Liam. Liam[00:41:44]: A border poll is likely in the near future. Should this be taken more seriously now.Fiona Bruce[00:41:52] Michelle.Michelle O’Neill[00:41:52]: Absolutely. I think the conversation we started talking about tonight in terms of Brexit and the implications of Brexit, one thing for sure Brexit has become a catalyst for many, many people entering into the conversation about the constitutional people. It will be the people alone who decide the constitutional future. One of the things that has made the issue even more topical is the fact that the EU have said in the event of a successful referendum that the North automatically would go back into the EU with the rest of Ireland. I think that becomes a stark question for many, many people now to consider do you wish to be part of that narrow, English, inward-looking Brexit Britain or do you want to be something better which is inclusive, outward-looking and within the EU in terms of Ireland. So I think there is a conversation now that needs to be had and we need to not fall into the same traps of the Brexit debate before with there was a lot of false information, misinformation, a lot of information that wasn’t there for people to consider and make the right choice. My position is certainly now is the time to plan. Now is the time to have the conversation. No one has anything to fare from the conversation. I don’t see any contradiction in being in the assembly, being a joint leader with Arlene in the executive whilst initiating and being part of conversation around constitutional change which is what is built in the Good Friday Agreement. It is the people who will decide. I think the conversation is now an unstoppable conversation. So let us all enter it with our own standpoint. We all come with our own view. Arlene will argue the other side. I have described this as the decade of opportunity and I see George Osborne is talking about the opportunity in the time ahead. I think that even Arlene’s colleagues, one of the MPs actually joined in the chorus with Peter Robinson, the former leader of the DUP, now is the time to enter into this conversation.