Fiona Bruce[0:50:26] Okay. Ben?Ben[0:50:28] I agree with what Jess was saying about job flexibility. I think in the future we're going to see a lot more people working from home. Especially speaking personally as a chemist, I work in a lab everyday of the week but my company has introduced a policy of working in the lab now on alternate weeks and then working from home on other weeks. And that's been working really well and I think we're going to be seeing that going forward. I think another thing hopefully to see in the future as well is just better hygiene even across the board. I think this pandemic has increased everybody's awareness of hygiene even and good hygiene even practices so I think that would be a thing in the future with hand sanitise errand wearing face mask.Fiona Bruce[0:51:12] What changes would you like to see? I have got to tell you we will never be the same again. Technology has been changing our lives over years and years and years now. But over the last three months, I think technology has been accelerated by at least five years in the way we have adopted it and we're using it. For me, I can't see myself having offices with that many people in ever again. I mean, the first thing we're going to be doing, after speaking to our colleagues, is cutting down the number of days of people coming to the offices, which means we will need less space, people will be able to balance their lives a lot better, and technology has done that. Retail will be very different as well. People have adopted on-line a lot faster than they would have done. So we are going to see a lot more pressure on our high street stores, and that's again something the Government have got to do something about, and then the rates, deferral holiday was brilliant. Get rid of it! Don't bring it back. It don't make sense. It's a tax from the 1500s. Life moved on. The Inernet did not exist in the 1500s. So get rid it have. It needs work for you to work out for something else to bring the taxation back into the Treasury which you need to give us our services but you'll have to do the work. Get rid of it. It's not practical. It's destroying the fabric of our society. So lots of things will have to change.