Claire Cooper[0:01:27] Hello. Even if some children do get back to school before the end of the summer term, their experience is more likely to be about social distancing and hygiene rather than anything of any educational value. What can the panel suggest for a whole generation of school children who are now missing nearly half an academic year and face months of distrust about social distancing and social contact and the face of further disruption. CLAIRE COOPER:
Fiona Bruce[0:01:58] Andy, let's start with (done) you. There's obviously some schools are going to go back on 1st June. Some are not. What's happening where you are.
Andy Burnham[0:02:07] It is a mixed picture, Fiona. As you say, some are going back. Some have said they would rather take their time to get the right arrangements in place. I agree we want to get the kids back in school if we can as quickly as possible, but it's got to be done as safely as possible. The key thing is here schools haven't closed. It is not as if they have not been doing anything over recent weeks. Of course they have been looking after children of key workers. I think teachers are feeling a bit stressed from the teacher-bashing they have seen this week. I think we need to sort of de-escalate this row a little bit.
Andy Burnham[0:02:45] The problem is the The problem is the government dropped a date on people of 1st June, without any real consultation. I think the way to resolve this is to say to head teachers in consultation with councils "Try to get back by 1st June but as soon as you feel is safe as possible". That feels to me to be the right resolution from where we are today.Chris Philp[0:10:08] For Helle's point about On Helle's point about the constituent nations of the United Kingdom, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland chart their own course. As far as England is concerned, we are following the advice we have been given. It is really important when safe to get children back into school for exactly the reason that Claire mentioned in her question. I am worried there are children who are I am worried that there are children who are missing out on education, children particularly from disadvantaged backgrounds who are at risk of falling behind in their studies. So as soon as we safely can I think it is important to get children back into the classroom. Of course, at no point are we going to Of course, at no point are we going to take any risk with anyone's health, the children's, teachers', parents, anyone. That's why the advice is so important. It will get published tomorrow. There will be further confirmation coming I think next week. But if it is safe to go back on June 1, as we currently believe it is, I would encourage all schools to do that, in a safe way, to make sure children don't fall behind. We don't want any child to get left behind, particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds. Let's all work together to make thatFiona Bruce[0:11:12] Do you think it would be more likely to be successful if head teachers had known about 1 June before it was announced to the nation at large when they heard it on television?Chris Philp[0:11:22] There are thousands of head teachers and tens of hundreds of thousands of teachers so it is hard to announce it to tens of thousands of people.Fiona Bruce[0:07:00] Do you think we could be doing that kind of thing here.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt[0:07:03] Why not? We have empty museums, empty theatres, empty sports facilities. Why not use those facilities and give of a different kind of education? What I am seeing in Danish schools, yesterday I just saw a report, children were getting sailing education in the sea. So why not actually use this time to think differently about education and team up, but it can only be done by local authorities. It can't be dictated by the government. That's another reason why I think the government needs to have much more consultation with the four nations of this country, with local authorities, with cities to make sure this can happen in a smooth way and I would really advise to take the heat out of this because nothing good comes from this row that we have seen over the last week.Fiona Bruce[0:07:55] James, your mother works in a school.James Graham[0:07:59] She is an office manager in a primary school up in North Nottinghamshire. She has been doing a lot of these things, making preparations. They are nervous but trying to adapt and be inventive. She has been ordering in pedal bins for when kids sneeze. They have been measuring out how the desks might work in different classroom. I think it is important to say that every local authority and every local school in every local authority is completely different. There are big and small classes. There are areas of great resource and areas of great deprivation. I think it is incumbent on our politicians to empower headmasters and teachers because they know what's best for children in their schools. I don't necessarily see a need for a uniform, standardised national rollout. I think the dates, times and methods need to be decided by the teachers.James Graham[0:08:48] I really love what you I really love what you said, Helle, about the using of cultural institutions to contribute to the positive learning of children. I think, Chair, you mentioned it in your question. We have a whole generation here who are sat at home with these incredibly eager minds and desires to be learning. I think that's definitely one thing that the theatre industry in its lockdown has been reasonably good at. Education departments have been continuing to function and work with teachers to get actors sat at home and musicians sat at home to inspire kids in that way. You know, unfortunately we are not going You know, unfortunately we are not going to be able to open any time soon. I think it is incumbent upon us to find as inventive and as exciting a way to keep our kids stimulated as possible.Fiona Bruce[0:09:32] It has turned into a bit of a mess, this 1st June announcement. You had Andy saying "no consultation", and Helle was talking about trying to take the heat out of this. You have a situation now where on 1st June, at the moment anyway, it looks like there will be 1000, possibly 2000 schools that are not going to open. So this rollout that the government wanted is not going to be happening.Chris Philp[0:09:52] I think there was plenty of advance notice. The measure was announced a few weeks ago, in response to scientific advice. As Camilla said, there is a lot more advice and scientific evidence going to be published tomorrow for all of us to have a look at.Camilla Tominey[0:03:05] I have three school age children, a year 6 child, a year 2 child and a year 5 child. One of them can go back, the eldest, year 6. I have been asked by her school if I want her to go back and said yes. So we have half term and then one of my three children back and two at home. That means one of us needs to be at home with the children, so work can't go back to normal. If I had been asked if all of the children should go back, I would have said yes.

Fiona Bruce[0:03:37] You don't have some of the fears we have heard from teachers and some of the unions. That's not an issue for you.

Camilla Tominey[0:03:44] No. I have been impressed by schools how they are going to social distance the children. We have had a massive dossier for the eldest, washing hands, having temperature checks at the door and how they are going to be separated in class.

Camilla Tominey[0:03:59] Equally I know there Equally, I know there is some lack of consensus over the evidence we have so far as to how infectious children are. It is plausible they are not as infectious as adults, but it is perhaps not proven. However, there have been a number of studies in Australia, studies in Finland, of a child who interacted after coming back from the French Alps and having Coronavirus with hundreds of other children and didn't pass it on. The chief scientist of the WHO has said schools should go back in the way we have seen schools go back in parts of Europe. I did a story with the BMA in week that cited the spike in Northern France, but actually the foreign Minister pointed out there 1.4 million children had gone back. There had been 70 cases but most of them had been contracted outside of school.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:44] But the BMA were initially supporting unions in saying that children shouldn't go back.Camilla Tominey[0:04:51] The Telegraph ran a piece with them yesterday where they softened that stance, and said schools should go back on 1 June, if it is safe to do so. From some of the evidence I have seen I feel happy with the eldest going back. If the other two were invited to go back I would say yes. I have sympathy with teachers, but we have to consider the infection rate before the lockdown came in would have been higher than it is now and, arguably, teachers could be more at risk going to the supermarket than into classrooms.Camilla Tominey[0:05:19] I think measures I think measures should be taken, but I am satisfied we have got to the point and I believe that SAGE that informed government that it was the right time to say a phased return to school from June 1st, I understand they are going to be releasing more of their evidence tomorrow. We need to see that evidence. So far it's not been transparent enough, which has led to this confusionFiona Bruce[0:05:38] let's talk Let's talk about the experience in Denmark. Denmark was the first country in Europe to reopen its schools.Helle Thorning-Schmidt[0:05:45] Yes.Fiona Bruce[0:05:45] So why was a decision taken then and how has it worked.Helle Thorning-Schmidt[0:05:50] Well, I think it is very hard to compare the UK with Denmark. Denmark is a much smaller country. We have a different political system, which I hope I can talk a little bit more about, based on much more compromise, consultation. Of course we could never send children back to school without deep consultation with teachers' unions, head teachers and also parents of course, but they did succeed in sending people back.Helle Thorning-Schmidt[0:06:17] One thing I was One thing I was really impressed with, and as Prime Minister I had my fair share of shall we call it debates with the teachers' union, but one things I was really impressed by was how innovative they suddenly all became. They invented new ways of going to school. They had outdoor schools. Copenhagen teamed up with cultural facilities all over town. So suddenly you saw kids having education in our national stadium. They start out singing the national anthem. After that they had their class in the VIP lounge. You saw five year olds having their classroom in the National Museum of Art.Fiona Bruce[0:11:31] Hang on a bit. You have the department of education. That's exactly what they can do. You are saying the only way to tell schools was to do it through a press conference?
Chris Hopson[0:11:40] If you make an announcement to tens of thousands of head teachers you have made it publically. The Unions have been closely consulted about the science. They have been on calls where scientific advisers have briefed them on that. I would urge teaching unions and their members to positively and constructively engage with schools to find safe ways of going back.
Chris Hopson[0:12:02] Of as James said a moment As James said a moment ago, that will be different for different schools because their geography and classroom layouts are going to be different. The important thing is no children get left behind. I would like to add to what James said using these cultural empty institutions is definitely worth exploring. As you said, sadly, many of our great institutions likes theatres and museums are not being used. If we can get children into them that would be a great and enriching experience for them for sure.Andy Burnham[0:30:50] Well, certainly I have tried to work with the government. I have tried to give them the benefit of the doubt. I understand how difficult the challenge is that they are dealing with. I have a lot of sympathy with that, but they seem to me to be repeating the same mistakes throughout this. The first is that sometimes the rhetoric is running ahead of the reality. We saw that on testing. We saw it on PPE. I think we are seeing it again with this. From what I know here in Greater Manchester. There will not I a world beating system in place by 1st June as the Prime Minister seemed to suggest yesterday. Fog fog Chris is saying it will be. What makes you say that, and each.Andy Burnham[0:31:32] They just appointed the Chief Executive of Leeds about ten days, two weeks ago to try to integrate the local knowledge with this new national social distance testimony of the he is working through that at the movement. It is complicated. As I say, from what I know, it will be beginning by then, but it will nowhere near be in place. I just feel that 1st June date is kind of going back to that conversation we were just having about schools. Really schools should only be really reopening when this was fully in place. The second mistake, fee, if I can just touch on this as well, you know, theres lay lot of local expertise on these issues but throughout this the government has almost kind of disregarded that and kind of rushed to stand up its own national systems and sign contracts with five entries and then try to build something from scratch. I think we are seeing that here. There is some doubts about the quality of the training being provided. You know, they really should have used the local expertise first and built from there. I just feel the government is making problems for itself by not sort of learning from some of the earlier mistakes and then going down a different bath. I think we are getting there is the way I would describe it, but I think the government should be honest with people. That would be a better policy. It is going to be middle June before this system is up and running.Fiona Bruce[0:32:52] Alfie, this was your question. Are you confident that it will be the test, track and trace will be fully embedded by June 1st. What prompted your question in the first place.Alfie[0:33:02] I am a computer science student. My experience of software engineering is things do go wrong. They go often wrong and we are running out of time. If you want to launch an app on the same day that schools open, you are asking for the worst.Fiona Bruce[0:33:19] It sounds like we are probably not going to get the app on June 1st. I am just wondering if it is a question of interpretation. You have Alfie saying "when will test, track and trace be fully embedded". You are saying June 1st. You have Andy saying it will get going on June 1st but fully embedded, all bells and whistles, no. Which is it in your crew.Chris Philp[0:33:44] The 25,000 people who are needed to operate the system and deliver 10,000 track and traces per day will be in place by 1st June. £24,000 of those 25,000 have been recruited already and are in advance stages of training, so will be ready to deploy on 1st June. As you said, Fiona, the app will be a few weeks after that, which will further augment the system. We will also learn a lot more about Coronavirus by using it but we are going to be ready to go on 1st June. It will really help us understand how the disease spreads. It will help us control it, identify people who are this danger of catching it and get them quarantined and then tested reallyFiona Bruce[0:34:23] I mean, it sort of brings us full circle back in the first question with schools actually, because you had a Member of SAGE, the body that advises the government, saying "a well functioning track and trace system needs to be embedded and working well before schools can reopen". Camilla, you are really keen for your kids to go back to school. The system is going to start on June 1st, track and trace. You will see. You are very confident, cais, it is going to be all social distance dems go from the get go. Do you have any concerns about that.
Camilla Tominey[0:34:58] Well, from the perspective of all of the evidence pointing to children not being badly affected if they do catch it and not seemingly being as infectious as adults and considering all of the measures that schools have been put in place to make sure that children are safe and considering the fact that they are missing out on so much of their education by being at home, all of this is about assessing risk and weighing up the different probabilities and I think on a balance of probabilities overall after now two months at home with us trying to home educate them as well as we can while also working I think that on balance my children are better off in school. Yes, I do.Fiona Bruce[0:35:40] Let's take another question now from Gerald Amin.
Gerald Amin[0:35:45] Theatres were the first to close and will probably be the last to reopen, which is many, many months away, which could also be the closure of many small independent theatres. Do you think the government should help by bailing us out?
Fiona Bruce[0:36:01] James, I am obviously going to start with you as the playwright here on the panel.
James Graham[0:36:06] Sure. I think it is really worth acknowledging upfront against a background of huge strain on the NHS and the work of carers and these big questions we are asking about kids and when should they go back to school, they will of course always remain the primary focus and that's right but it is also right as the country starts to get back on its feet certain industries and certain companies are going to have to -- they can contribute as profitable industries can contribute substantially to the revitalising and the reopening of Britain. It is incumbent upon us to sometimes have these difficult conversations with government where we need to tell them the specific challenges that we are going to have in order to play that active role in reactivating the economy.
James Graham[0:26:14] Of course I agree it is vital it rolls out as effectively and as soon as possible, not only because of our safety but people need that sense of confidence so we can beginning re-opening our economy. Whether that's restaurants, pubs, bars and obviously hospitality, arts and entertainment. I think there will be a huge benefit to a test that can give an answer in 20 minutes for, say, film and television production. That's not the most important thing in the world I know but it's a vital sector and it's got lots of people through the lockdown. People are going to start to see the autumn schedules clearing themselves of British dramas. That will be incredible to have confidence that you can get actors and crews on a set. They need to fight, hug and kiss each other, unless you want terrible dramas. This stuff does matter. It is not the priority, but I think confidence that people can work safely, and that tour I wases and people who are returning to our city and town centres can eat and drink and re-invest in the economies is incredibly vital.

Camilla Tominey[0:27:24] I should have probably pointed out to be fair the lockdown did come in time for the peak. So there is an argument to say if we had locked down earlier whether people would have psychologically been ready for it and obeyed it. If you see the lockdown coming in on March 23rd, it was about ten days later you see that spike.

Fiona Bruce[0:27:43] The peak follows the lockdown. Lockdown doesn't coincide with the peak. The peak follows the lockdown.
Chris Philp[0:15:55] We will be funding as we normally do. There will be different arrangements for voting. It will not be business as usual but MPs will be doing their job.
Camilla Tominey[0:16:05] What Claire was talking about her question of well being of children and the sense of it will be different when they go back, they will be social distancing, I don't know how the curriculum might match up to what it might have been if we were not in this situation. The bottom line is children miss their friends and miss that social interaction. For children that have been all right at home and are in safe and loving homes, they have been okay and maybe they can last until September with not too much damage. What's happened here, now, is that the government expected 20% attendance levels at schools throughout lockdown. They hoped that all vulnerable children and a lot of children of key workers would attend. Actually what happened is less than 2% of children attended.
Camilla Tominey [0:16:46] I am quite involved with the charity association for the children of alcoholics. Their calls are going through the roof. I did a show with [Unknown] the other day. She was saying childline had been inundated. We have to weigh up the risk here. Yes, there is a risk to children of perhaps contracting COVID-19 and spreading it to vulnerable adults and that's not something we want but what's the risk for vulnerable children for remaining in homes where they may be facing abuse or other problems which greatly affect their well being, much, much more frankly than being socially distanced in a class room.Chris Philp [0:29:26] One of the reasons quarantine is going to come in now at the end of the pandemic rather than the beginning of it when by air passengers, There is no point in having a quarantine. They helped less than 0.5% of the case load. Now our domestic case load is going down and there is some prospect that air tribal will do up, it becomes relatively more important. To mess plures like quarantine become significant. On the general response rpbs there were so much things people said would go wrong that have been happened willed very well. About eight weeks ago people said we would run out of the ventilators of the inn fact we have 13,000 and never more than half have been in use. People said we would run out of intensive care beds. We have nearly doubled those and no more than half of those have ever been used by virus patients. All of those aspects of the response including the relationship to the timing have all worked in this country very well. I think we can all collectively take some pride in the way as a nation we have come together. It has been difficult for children and families and arts stect or and older people. It has been tough for all of us. We have worked together. We have been disciplined and thankfully now we are moving into a slightly happier phase ahead. I think we can take collective national pride in the way we have worked together on that.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:49] And each.Fiona Bruce
[0:12:32] We have Camilla who wants to send her children to school. You have a number of schools who are embracing, happily or not, but planning to go ahead with the 1st June opening. Lots of schools are not. What are parents supposed to make of that. Are some less risk averse. Have some made better preparation? How can parents make any decent assessment?

Andy Burnham
[0:13:02] I think they are probably a bit confused by it all. It is a row that has been going on. I am not sure that helps parents. I would agree with Helle. Let head teachers sit in the driving seat and decide when it is safe to open school. Parents will probably look most to head teachers for advice about safety of their kids. I think it should also be done in consultation with local councils, I think it should also be done in consultation with local councilsbecause the fact is the circumstances will differ from one place to another in terms of the teaching staff. Some of them may be self-isolating. There may be issues they have to deal with when we look at the staff. There will be physical circumstances at the school.

Andy Burnham
[0:13:40] Don't forget, of course, the R rate, the R number, the re production number varies from one region to another. Near in the north of England we see a higher R number than in the south. So you can't blame any council for taking a cautious approach. That's why I say to government work in partnership with local councils. Absolutely say to them "let's get schools open on 1st June if we can but we respect the fact if a little longer is needed to get the arrangements in place, then so be it and we will work with you in partnership on that let's get away from teacher bashing. We have seen too much of that over the last few weeks. They have been working really hard through this period often teaching kids at home and being innovative in all the ways we would want them to be. I think we need to sort of de he is collate this row and focus on practical steps so get kids back in school when it is safe to do so.Helle Thorning-Schmidt[0:17:24] That's an important point to think about. What is the consequence for children who can't go to school. What we know and I knew that very well when I was CEO of Save the Children, if children don't go to school they basically forget everything they learned the full year.Helle Thorning-Schmidt[0:17:39] We will have children -- I mean for practically lose a whole year of education. They have simply can't remember what they learned six months ago. So I am a little bit worried that if you last too long, we will be taking a little bit of the chirp's future twice. First we will take almost a year of their education an then we are also handing them a very, very large bill for a lockdown which has become very, very expensive. So there is these balances to find but I would just again say find a good balance with also the teachers and take the heat out of it. The only way this can be solved is by being pragmatic.Fiona Bruce[0:18:18] Claire, what do you think of what you have heard? What's your view.Claire Cooper[0:18:23] Well, I quite like Helle's idea of using venues creative leave. I think what I fear is that the value of education will have been taken away from children and I think this is every child. It is children from reception right up to the 6 formers that have lost out on their 'A' levels and are actually grieveing because of that, but also I think what I fear is that there will be a distrust about social contract.Claire Cooper[0:18:54] This term maybe but This term maybe, but going into the next academic year, and I think the value and the trust of the way that schools were before they broke up in the middle of March has disappeared and I feel profoundly sad and worried for those children. I am a syke ol gist. I don't work in education, but I can see the psychological damage that potentially is happening to a whole generation of children.Fiona Bruce[0:14:36] Let me read comments on social media. Lawrence says "if it is safe to go back to school, why isn't it safe for the house of Parliament or are our children test subjects".
Fiona Bruce[0:14:48] No, not at all. From 2nd June, so that's a day later, these arrangements to vote remotely are being ended. We are going back in. It is important that the national Parliament does its job scrutiniseing what the government is doing, properly asking questions. Things like bill and ledge late I have submit ease haven't been sitting of the let's get Parliament working and showing leadership doing what we are asking everybody else to do, which is go to work if you safely can.
Andy Burnham[0:15:17] Can I just come in. I think it was a really poor decision taken by MPs this weekment we are not asking schools to come fully back. We are asking them to come back on an interim basis. For Parliament to vote to come become completely I think sets a poor example to the count reach. Let's remember Westminster was a hot bed for the spread of the virus a few weeks ago.
Andy Burnham[0:15:41] Sometimes in Parliament Sometimes in Parliament it is a case was do as we say, not as we do. I don't think it is acceptable. It doesn't suggest to me that the premiere work place in the country are taking a safety first approach. (over talking).
Fiona Bruce[0:15:54] Briefly.Fiona Bruce
[0:19:23] Well, Claire, thank you very much for your question. Thank you for joining us live. Let's go to Alfie now, who has another question for you have.

Alfie
[0:19:32] Hi. Test, track and trace sounds really, really important but what will be in place on 1st June will be missing many components including the contact tracing ap. So when can we expect to see the full implementation of test track and trace.

Fiona Bruce
[0:19:50] Full implemenation, according to the government anyway, is critical in terms of easing the lockdown and getting children back to school. So when are we going to see test, track and trace fully amounted, not just the kind of the beginnings of it, but fully implemented? We have seen the new app being tested in the Isle of Wight. We have learned from that experience. One of the things we have learned is we can effectively deploy test, track and trace with the manual tracers. We have recruited 24000 of those already. We will be up to the full complement of 25,000 by 1st June, so the service will be fully operational on 1st June, able to track and trace 10,00from 1st June onwards. The app we think will be ready to deploy a few weeks after that, but the two are complementary and the system will work comprehensively from 1st June, which is one of the government's critical test. You will help us learn more about the way this disease spreads. It will help us stop it spreading any further.

Fiona Bruce
[0:20:54] It is a really important step forward in the way we are dealing with this disease. It is good news.Fiona Bruce[0:20:59] Just to be clear, there have been a number of deadlines that have slipped. You are sounding very confident, possibly rightly so. I am in no position to judge, very confident on 1st June it is going to hit the ground running. South Korea is alway cited as the great example of contact tracing. They had a flare up in the night club at the beginning of the month. They traced 60,000 people to find 170 new infections. Each one was quarantined. Is that the kind of level of contact tracing the government is going to be able to do from 1st June?
Chris Philp[0:21:37] The capacity will be 10,000 traces every day. The Prime Minister in the house of Commons on Wednesday was categoric. We need to be ready to go on 1st June. We need 25,000 people to do it. 24000 have been recruited already. We will get to 25,000 by 1st June. We are going to get there.
Fiona Bruce[0:21:57] The app seems to be having a few teething problems. Having the app is not critical to contact tracing? It sounded as if it was the next big thing.
Chris Philp[0:22:09] Experience in the Isle of Wight shows you can do effective contatracing without the app, the app is helpful, it adds something to it, and we will get that in a few weeks' time. There are all sorts of other innovations happening. Matt Hancock talked about a test being deployed today that gives you a result in 20 minutes. We have had advances in antibody testing today as well. So the science is really beginning to catch up with this disease. For me the science is really what gives me hope for the future, hope we can move beyond the strange circumstances of the last few weeks and return to something of a normal life, as the months go by.Fiona Bruce[0:36:50] You have the government here in the form of Chris, the one man government here. Do you want to more Bale outs? The government has provided all sorts of money in terms of Coronavirus interruption loans for business, that kind of thing. Is there a separate Bale out that would request from the government for theatres.
James Graham[0:37:09] The job retention scheme was an absolute life safer for so many people in my industry the majority of whom are freelanceers. It wasn't perfect and didn't capture everybody. I think that's something we need to look at. It is unfortunate, because as joy flee over the next few months according to your plan pubs and restaurant and manufacturers Andy tailers start so slowly reopen, that unfortunately is not going to be the case with the perfect forming arts venues. We have tried our very best but it is now apparent there is no real viable social distancing model to get audiences safely and it has to be safe, back into theatres to watch place and muse comes. Up would have to be 20% full if you did the measures and they need to be 80% full in order to sustain themselves economic cleech. That's just a problem, because the cultural sectors are so profitable. It is not like this is the 1970s and we are Baleing out industries that are not profitable. I think the figure is about for everyone pound you invest in the arts you get about five pounds back. We can't wait to be back doing that for up of the it is not the eat give lent whereby arts funding costs hospital evidence abouts. We can pay for more hospital beds in our films, television dramas and theatres of the it is very likely, as Gerald was saying, that might not happen up to a year. This time next year might be the first time we get to confidently reopen.James Graham[0:38:38] I guess what we need possibly specifically is possibly more flexibility, if it is possible, on the job retention scheme for sectors that will have zero income for many, many months and then unfortunately, yes, we do have to start asking for an investment package that will allow us to bridge this gap in the short-term being not being able to open and then being able to open all guns blaizing, because what we have here and I think we are a bit scheme I shall. Gerald. You may disagree. I think sometimes we are a bit scweem I shall about the arts argument because we think it is an elitist thing when actually one in every two people go and see a play or musical every year. Think of all the success stories when it comes to British films and television dram as. Joy flee to be celebrated there is such a global thrirs for British content and stories and all its wonderful not earn mixed identity but it is all interconnected.Fiona Bruce[0:41:17] How can you put a date on it. We can't predict how everything is going to go Camilla ka Camilla everything is conditional. What happened is we heard about things happening in June and hair dressers maybe going back into business, thank goodness, in July. We didn't hear anything about terror other cultural events. You know, gition and concerts. Now a appreciate they are at the end of the scale, because they are mass gatherings and that's what's completely advised against right now but if there were just a window, because I know from pie own experience around I am sure the panel I wases all agree, I wouldn't mind booking in some things to look forward to at comaches. That would give the industry a lifeline if they were able to open booking from a certain time. I appreciate the science is not straightforward. I feel they have been cast adrift somewhat. It is no wonder James and his come eetion in that sthee are in complete limbo not knowing when they can get baa being not just so normal but the new normal everybody is talking about fog fog we have James and Camilla suggesting a bail out. And eep, can the government afford it. Rishi Sunak is talking about a recession we have never known coming down the track and is spending an absolute fortune on supporting companies and if you recall owe schemes. Can we really afford to support theefters as well.Fiona Bruce
[0:22:46] Helle, when we look at the example of Denmark, it has obviously blazed a bit of a trial in terms of returning to normal life. You started the lockdown very early. I have think Denmark had no defendants at that point, probably one, whereas the UK started after 350 deaths. Your lockdown lasted a month. You have now eased it.

Helle Thorning-Schmidt
[0:23:07] Yes.

Fiona Bruce
[0:23:07] In terms of test, track and trace how important was that in terms of Denmark being able to cope with the pandemic.

Helle Thorning-Schmidt
[0:23:15] It was very hard. It would be difficult to find someone who found it would be a good idea to wait a good week in the for the loved. The lockdown simply came too late in this country and I think that caused a lot of damage.

Fiona Bruce
[0:23:28] It was 335 in the UK and zero or one death, something like that.

Helle Thorning-Schmidt
[0:23:35] They realised it was a big deal and locked down a week before the UK. There is no doubt the UK should have done the same. The other thing, looking at Germany, which is the Stellar example here, they started their testing and their tracing and their quarantine much earlier. So that means that even though they locked down more or less the same time as the UK, they were at a different place in their curve, and that basically meant that they have come out of this much better than the UK. I am not sitting here to criticise government. That's not why I am here, but I think we have to learn from these things and just be completely honest that, of course, UK locked down too late, and if this tracing had been up and running much before, I think the country could have opened much before. So the key -- and also in Denmark we had a much softer lockdown. So we locked down before, softer lockdown. Now we are starting the tracking and tracing and quarantining as well. The next thing we have to find out is how are we going to quarantine these people. How is that going to happen? Again a little idea from our own country. They are offering to use some of the hotels that have no guests to help people isolate. So they can he cost of the government can be Isle of Wight owe lated in hoe tells. There have been plans for this, plag Matt I can plans that can be rolled out and it has to be rammed up pretty fast. I have no doubt if it was ramped up earlier, UK would have been safer.
Andy Burnham[0:42:39] What would we lose, fee? These organisations are the fabric baling baling baling baling baling baling baling culture society I want to agree with Camilla, James and Gerald. This is tremendously important. James said sometimes people are squeamish about arts funding. We are not in Greater Manchester. We see the benefit of investing in culture and the arts, what this does to bringing people into the city. We paid our arguments organisations up in advance in tells of advance they were imoing to September go. We have upported artist was. We have set up a streaming plot Orme, united we stream which las been streaming Manchester tal September around the world and the money raised from it supporting venues. You don't need to convince us pa are pa are fee, I want to say also the sporting life of the count reach of the there is this drive to debt the premier league back. I am very worried about what's going to happen to lower league Football Clubs in they have to play behind closed doors. There is lay lot more private money in football. I believe we need to see a premier league setting up a football solid dart fund so the whole the football bier milled can be support the through this. We will see lower league Football Clubs going out of business one after the other. Culture and the arts yes, there is a good case for the government to step in because in the end we have to protect as much of our economy so we can bounce back more quickly but it when this comes to football I think the premier league has to step forward and protect lower league clubs. It will be crucial to keeping up business. Fog fog you have made your appeal. I thinking in Denmark, given the lockdown was relatively short and not particularly strict, was bailing out theatres an issue.
Camilla Tominey[0:27:52] There was an argument if you think about it, it was only the week before and rightly or wrongly, and decisions will now be made about future events, but only the week before there were thousands at Cheltenham. So every step of the way the government has had to look at the psychology of the public. Having said that, I spoke to a Tory MP this week who likened the confusion over time and perhaps everything seeming back to front to that Morecambe and Wise sketch with Andrew Previn, where he says "You are not playing all of the right notes". Eric Morecambe says "I am playing all the right notes, just not necessarily in the right order". From a public perspective, people have asked themselves "why are you doing this now". The quarantine thing, frips, people are saying, you are quarantineing flights now to fog.
Fiona Bruce[0:28:40] Not yet but talking about.
Camilla Tominey[0:28:43] Soon. Why didn't you quarantine at the beginning of this crisis? The messaging from the Prime Minister addressing the public about the loosening of the restrictions before releasing the paperwork describing how people should go back to work seemed to be the wrong way around. The test, track and trace it is great we have this technology, but that exercise, Signus, did identify very years ago the problems that would be faced by this country in the event of a global pandemic.
Camilla Tominey[0:29:11] People will be askinging why has the fileing come so late. Why is it countries like South Korea were on top of this at the beginning of the pandemic hitting their nation whereas we only to be getting to GRIPS with some of that technological response at the end of it.Helle Thorning-Schmidt[0:44:29] It is an issue. There is a way the cult Al life place a role in lock. I think people appreciate culture more. There is common singing. There has been a lot of culture in the UK lockdown as well. I would agree I think the biggest things for theatres and all other institutions is know what's going to p ha. They will not be able to ramp up. They will probably have to run with 30% in the beginning and then they can ramp up slowly, sleelly into' 21, but they need to know. If theatres said in January' 21 we are going thof this show on, I think many people would book the ticket, because we want to get back. Diswraims James absolutely. The question for meerp as well is and I sort of resist the term a bail out because it is an investment for the amount of money that these venues in Manchester. Andy you are right. Manchester is an extraordinary city of music, comedy and theatre and television production of the money we need is to cover the shortfall until we can properly reopen is instantly paid back in the annual tax revenue and VAT. In London alone tourists bring in £2 billion of cash every year specifically for London theatre just to pay for itself of the.I agree with Camilla WPS just the question is what are we ending the lockdown for. Of course it is to get kids back Andy open our businesses but there is a huge part of British people is a social yabble animal. In terms of our psychological health and our spirit and more ale, all the care workers who I think we should immediately give a free ticket to go and see a play or musical to, I think that's such a important part of our may gos nal life and weebbleg completely contribute to that. In order to do that we need to be safe in the interim fog fog we have had a couple of tweessments. From Graham. "how ^ month by month. Will we see parity owe mine" there you go, Camilla -- or theatre resume this year -- I think that's what you were referring to at Christmas.Helle Thorning-Schmidt [0:51:51] Mistakes have been made. I will take responsibility as Prime Minister we did not prepare properly for a pandemic like this. We had SARS, the swine flu, all these things but we still didn't prepare properly and I don't think the British government did either, as any government we know apart from the Asian. So we have to be in a mode now where we breathe and say now is a new normal. We all have to be part of doing that and talking about how we want to do and get out of this automatic reaction where we say "we didn't do anything wrong. Surely you can't find a fault with anything". After all this we also have to evaluate and create new standards together fog fog James, coming back to the question, would you rather be served by someone.James Graham[0:39:37] Just as a final point even for people who don't get to go to the theatre, that half of the country that doesn't gorks and that was me growing up, and all I think about every night when I go to bed is how are we going to get that second half to go to the theatre, what I think people do enjoy and has been a great benefit in lockdown is the television dramas that have entertained and provided mental well being to people in lockdown. I was privileged to be able to write and share Quiz, which was this major scandal about the coughing. I was delighted to hear from families and audiences watching helping to get it through. I come from theatre. Feeb owe water bridge who sold flee bag to the world comes from theatre. You will start to notice a difference if we can't be saved. The facts are without a bit of help 70% of these theatres will be cloersed by Christmas an won't be able to reopen fog fog we have the Globe says it won't survive without emergency funds, the Globe in London. Southall theatre management has gone into liquidation. Enough field theatre has gone into liquidation. Should there be a lifeline thrown to the arts.
Camilla Tominey[0:40:48] Definitely. I think what's needed really in this timeline and it was almost the kind of if you yes of the announcements that were made last week in terms of the baling of the restrictionsbaling baling baling baling baling baling baling baling baling baling baling. Baling baling baling want to give theatre and creative arts industry a future you have to put a date on it so the public can say "brilliant. From September I can look forward to going back to the theatre".
Chris Philp[0:46:50] First of all I completely accept everything that James and Gerald are saying about the importance of the arts sector. Clearly it is a huge economic contributor as James very powerly set out but it is so much more than that. it enriches our cultural lives. It gives entertainment, meaning. It attracts tourists to this country fog fog 

Camilla Tominey so given that, can you see the government extending a helping hand.

Chris Philp[0:47:12] Let me take the question in two part. In terms of what we have done already I would strongly encourage every arts organisation to use all of the existing schemes. James mentioned the for other scheme already. Every organisation in the position, for example, of theatre should be using that scheme to have their staff who can't work paid at 80% of their Sarl each. Government is funding that and has recently extended it. There are significant loan schemes available under the government backed loan schemes that have paid out now over £20 billion. Again I would encourage the arts to use that fog fog there is no question the government has made a massive outlay when it comes to support small business. There are a lot of people employed in the theatre who can't access the for owe scheme and lot of theatres are saying the loans don't apply to them which is why they are asking for the money. Is there anything additional the government can do.
Fiona Bruce[0:50:24] It is fascinating. In Germany it is quuls re to wear a mask on public transport and while shopping. In Spain they are calls roo he in indoor and public spaces and even in outdoor ones if you can't maintain a social distance dance. In Denmark you have not gone along with the face covering.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt[0:50:44] No. It is baling baling culture, as it isn't here either. It makes people scared to seement face masks. I don't know enough about the science so I don't have a strong opinion about it. What I will say is we need to have a deep conversation and I hope of the government will start that soon, about what is the new normal. How are we going to live together the next year, for example, and I think we have to have newspaper international 1257BD ardz of travelling on pleans, computer trains in the morning. We have to have new standards and I will Hope that the UK could also be a leader in this dploebblely, because this is almost like after 9/11 where everything changed in terms of how we were travelling across the world of it is the same moment now. We need new standards for everything. It doesn't have to be exactly the same in all countries, but I think we need to understand this new normal. That's why I am hoping -- I heard you before getting a little bit defensive about what the government has and has not done -- I hope we can get into a situation where we can all recognize this is a new situation.Helle Thorning-Schmidt [0:52:36] Oh, I didn't answer that. Fog fog you are not keen on wearing masks we get that. Fog fog would you rather be served by someone wearing a face mask.
James Graham[0:52:47] I just can't wait to be served by someone. A pint would go down baling balingbaling baling baling get baling baling baling. I this it would become the new normal al. I think it is individual choice and I don't know how you would legislate for it fog to go Andy, where do you stand on the discussion about face coverings or face masks.
Andy Burnham[0:53:10] I think we are going to have to work quite hard to build confidence in the public to go back into the industries and support the cultural venues and restaurant and bars as we were discussing a moment ago. If they can help build that confidence, then why not? I mean, sometimes people can see a face mask and think it is someone being distruct if you will around them. As James said, it is the opposite. It is quite a public spirited thing to do. It is reducing the risk of you giving the infection to other people.Andy Burnham[0:53:39] I think we should explain more about it yes, it is a good thing and why people are going to have to expect to see more of it. I certainly feel in our city we need to build a clear reputation for being a safety first city to get the advice tors to come back, and I have been saying to the fashion industry. Weary nownd for using our fashion as well. Let's design. Mir face mask that sells around the world. Let's make something of this. Make something positive out of it. So I kind of feel we probably should look at what other countries are doing and encourage the use more. Certainly on public transport we are saying it is the right thing to do just so there's confidence amongst all of the travelling public and no disagreements between some people wearing masks and some people not. Fog fog have you worn one yet.Andy Burnham[0:54:30] If they bring any benefit as I think they do, we should embrace and edge courage it fog fog have you worn one yet Andy.
Andy Burnham[0:54:37] No, I haven't. I will be honest. I have not been out very much. I have been Homebaseed like everybody else. I would be more than happy to set that example. It is about being public spirited I think, like James said. Face covering matter check chg fog fog originally the government was suggesting face coverings were not necessary and might give a false cents of confidence. Then they suggested when it came to enclosed spaces such as public transport, face coverings are faced. Seeing how many people are wearing face coverings on public transport at the moment, the reports seem to be pretty mixed, are you happy with the way that's going Chris he was in terms of the advice, it will solve and change over time, particularly as scientific Chris gets updated. I think people should wear face coverings on public transport. It is a good idea fog fog a lot of people are still not doing itChris Philp[0:56:29] Again I think you have to be guided by the scientific advice. If there is compelling evidence it should be recommended in the future, I am sure the government would follow that advice, but it really must, as always, be led by the government. That applies here as much as it applies in all the other areas we have talked about this evening, just out of interest who here has worn a face mask or covering so far?
Camilla Tominey[0:56:53] I have not worn one yes. But I have a friend in the village has made me and my husband matching masks.
Camilla Tominey[0:57:01] For when we go WAC on the tube. I would wear it I think on the tube.
Fiona Bruce[0:57:06] I hope that would match the pyjamas you were supposed to be wearing this evening. She did a follow saying what should I wear on them.
Andy Burnham[0:57:19] It was pyjamas ^ment.
Camilla Tominey[0:57:23] I think I must invest in silk ones ^.
Fiona Bruce[0:57:27] Properly he is he was when up come back on the programme you will shall in pij am as.
Camilla Tominey[0:57:34] Maybe when it is come I can relief.Chris Philp[0:55:34] cs I would advise them to wear it as andy said a moment ago. There is a fair chance it will help. If they happen to have cierks it will Pope interpretationly stop it from transmitting. I think it gives people confidence to go on to public transport if they see other people are being care if you will. It also serves as a prompt or remind err we are not in life as normal at the moment E we need to behave differently, wash our hands more frequently, be careful, stay alert at the moment: face covering serves as a reminder. On the very specific question if I was having a sandwich or being served a sandwich, even better, then I think I would want that person to be following the guidance and wearing a face mask, by I think you can still smile and the person can see your smile fog fog you can't see it so easily Chris Chris if swrun is smieming at you properly, you can tell even if they are wearing a face mask fog fog at the moment it is a recommendation on the part of the government in enclosed spaces. Can you see it going further than that.Chris Philp[0:48:06] Just yesterday the culture Secretary announced the creation of a task force specifically to look into the issues that James and Gerald are rising, clearly the art sector does have a unique set of circumstances and it will be the most difficult to restart for obvious reasons and this task force launched yesterday is designed to address exactly these issues. I hope again, as we get through the situation, as the science improves and we get things like antibody testing and if it is rolled out and there is some level of immunity, which we hope, but we cannot be certain, but we hope there will be, people who have those antibodies and immunity probably can go to the theatre and I think science again can really help us get through this but in the meantime that task force is here to help with exactly what with what James and Gerald are raising.
Fiona Bruce[0:48:52] I want to squeeze in another question which is pre-recorded. This question is from Akash Lal.
Akash Lal[0:49:00] Would you rather eat a sandwich made by someone wearing a nice smile or by someone wearing a facemask?
Fiona Bruce[0:49:20] Back to the facemask, that dominated the conversation and we have a situation where the government is advising people to wear face coverings if they are in an enclosed situation indoors where they cannot easily socially distance but otherwise, no, Camilla what is your view?
Camilla Tominey[0:49:28] The jury is out on face masks. The government had to say face coverings because they did not want members of the public buying up surgical masks that could be used by frontline NHS and carers.
Fiona Bruce[0:49:45] Would you rather have a sandwich served to you by someone wearing a mask?
Camilla Tominey[0:49:53] I would rather have someone served it so much he was obeying hygiene rules in general. I would not mind it either way, they could wear a face mask or choose not to, what is interesting is some of the evidence that went into Sage which came from the Royal Society and said one psychological benefit of wearing face masks in public, particularly on transport and in supermarkets as it reminded people of the need to distance and that is important. On the balance of probability, the jury is out, they could help or they might not, but if you think it helps to stop transmission to others and if you think it helps because it puts you off getting to close on public transport and elsewhere, it is probably no bad thing.Fiona Bruce[0:25:03] 
Do you agree with any of that. Lockdown too late and testing should have been started earlier.
Chris Philp[0:25:09] 
It is hard to make these comparisons between countries. Demographics are different. Denmark is a relatively smaller country. We have the biggest city in Europe, London.
Fiona Bruce[0:25:20] 
I got that. The UK has the highest number of excess deaths at its peak of any country in Europe, according to a study he from Oxford university. By any margin whether we are the worst, second or third worst, there are probably not many countries looking at UK saying "that's the way to do it", I would tentatively suggest.
Chris Philp[0:25:40] 
I think it is difficult to make those comparisons when you have would concentrations like London, a city of almost 9 million people. All of those things are different in different countries. London is a unique city within Europe. Manchester as well of courses.
Fiona Bruce[0:25:55] 
Helle's specific point about the lockdown was too lai. I am just wondering do you accept that, yes or no.
Chris Philp[0:26:02] The government's advisers gave very clear scientific advice and the government followed that scientific advice. That was the right thing to do....Fiona Bruce[0:01:20] So let's start with our first question tonight, which is from Alison Goldie.
Alison Goldie[0:01:26] Good evening, Fiona, good evening Panel. So given the success of track and trace we rely significantly on the public's trust and the Government and compliance with the rules. Does the Panel feel this has been undermined in any way by the events of this last week?
Fiona Bruce[0:01:46] Gosh! It feels like we have done nothing else but talk about the events of the last week and of course Dominic Cummings. Ian Murray.
Ian Murray[0:01:56] Well, thank you for the question, Alison. I think it gets to the nub of how we get out of pandemic. The way we get out of that is test, track, trace and isolate. That's the only way without a vaccine we were going to be able to go forward. With the saga we have had last week, the Prime Minister and Government, his integrity is in tatters. We have seen it is one rule for the Prime Minister and his team and one rule for the publicIan Murray[0:02:21] We absolutely need every single member of the public to be absolutely in touch with these rules and abiding by them, otherwise we will never get to the end of this pandemic. I think it should be called track, trace, test, isolate and trust. The Scottish Government also has a big question to answer here in terms of trust, because if you go back to the start of this pandemic, the ground zeroy pandemic in Edinburgh was at a conference in a hotel. The public weren't told about that. The reason that's a difficult story for the Scottish Government is two-fold. One, you need the public to be involved in this so it can be used to help track and trace the people who potentially would have been infected. You need them to have trust in that system.Secondly, you need that trust from the public so you can use them to isolate and make their own choices about whether or not they see family members. Trust is the nub of how a track and trace system works.


Fiona Bruce[0:03:18] Given how critical you are of Dominic Cummings, why don't Labour ask for him to go.

Ian Murray[0:03:25] Kier Starmer said clearly if he was Prime Minister, he have would have sacked him. When the Conservatives are tearing themselves apart over this kind of issue, there is now over 60 MPs that have publicly said he should go. There are over 70 that have e-mailed back their constituents. We have all had thousands of emails on this. The public are incredibly angry. Douglas Ross said in his letter, and Douglas Ross said in his letter when he resigned this week and I think this is crucial, that many of the public have made huge sacrifices including not being able to hold the hand of loved ones when they are dying. How could he possibly say to his constituents they were wrong and Dominic Cummings was right? I think that sums this issue up in a sentence.

Fiona Bruce[0:04:05] Layla, can I ask you as the scientific voice on our Panel this evening do you feel compliance may have been undermined by the events of the last few days.

Layla McCay[0:04:15] Well, it is interesting, isn't it, because it is not exactly about what Dominic Cummings did or didn't do. The question is really about what is the impact of that and what we have heard from our members who are CEOs of hospitals, GPs, all across the health system. People are worried that public health messages are being undermined. They are already hearing that people are making decisions they might not have otherwise made. That's really worrying, because in order for these public measures, whether lockdown, test, track and trace, any of these things to work, we need to have a really clear message that's not open to too much interpretation and discretion and we need to have this public feeling that we are all in it together.Fiona Bruce
[0:11:56] Are you worried people may now -- the comment from Keith, "move on and I don't want to talk about it anymore". I am sure you will not be alone in that. Others might be thinking are there any loopholes in this system we are being asked in England and Scotland to adopt from today in terms of test and protect or test and isolate. If there are loopholes -- it appears there were a few loopholes when it came to going up to county Durham when we all thought we might have to stay at home -- if there are loopholes, should we hear about them now rather than find out later?

Helen Whatley
[0:12:32] What we have seen so far is people really consciously following guidance and, in fact, the guidance has included recognising that some situations will be more difficult. For instance, if you are looking after somebody who is particularly vulnerable, have a childcare situation.

Fiona Bruce
[0:12:47] If you have a childcare situation then, Helen, since you mentioned it, if you have a problem with childcare and you happen to be one of the people who is identified as someone who has to stay at home for two weeks, you may not necessarily have to stay at home.

Helen Whatley
[0:13:02] You clearly have to make sure your child is safe, as any parent should do so, but, for instance --
Fiona Bruce[0:06:27] What I am asking is whether or not you feel it would make any difference in terms of compliance generally.
Eileen[0:06:32] Yes, it will. Like Alison said, there is people with integrity out there and people who do the right thing for society and their family. There is other people like Dominic Cummings looks for the loophole and looks for the cheap way. You are cheating society by doing this. Ultimately you are putting lives at risk. Behaviour breeds behaviour, especially with someone so influential.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:59] Matthew, let's hear from you.
Matthew[0:07:03] Just on that point, with all due respect to what you have said there, if I am not mistaken, Stephen Kinnock took it on himself to go to his father's place to sing happy birthday quite blatantly in front of the cameras.
Fiona Bruce[0:07:20] In fairness he said he was dropping off essential shopping for them that they couldn't get. That's what he said at the time.
Matthew[0:07:27] Yes, but it wasn't done in an overly discrete fashion, what happened there. I don't have any political allegiance one way or the other but I think the public, from what I can sense, people I know, are probably just a little bit fed up with the politicising of things as well. All we are after is if we are all in it together, as the slogan says, that indeed those people in public life, like it or loathe it, you have to adhere to that probably to a greater, extent than the general populous, because it comes with the territory unfortunately.Layla McCay[0:05:02] Reasons one of the hospital CEOs said to us recently this this could actually be one of the biggest risks to public health since lockdown began. So I think that all of these are key considerations as we think about what next.Fiona Bruce[0:05:17] Alison, can I come back to you. Has it had any impact on whether you will be more or less confined as we go into test and protect or test and isolate now.Alison [0:05:27] Well, no, from a personal level I would follow the guidelines. I think I've got enough integrity to do that, but I do think that it will have an impact on some people who are just fed up with the whole idea that someone can get away with something when the rest are not supposed to.Fiona Bruce[0:05:48] Anyone on the Panel think it wouldn't make that much of a difference, people would still do what they need to do in the current circumstances? This is a deeply unscientific poll. None of you are putting up your hands. Eileen.Eileen[0:06:05] Hi, Fiona. I believe it undermines the message, like Alison said, but had it been an MP, they wouldn't have got away with it. If it was anyone else, they wouldn't have got away from it. The fact this person is so close and influential to Boris Johnson is what rocks my confidence.Alex Massie[0:09:14] I also do think this scandal, because it has become a scandal, it started as a story, but the Government's reaction to it has turned it into a scandal, has basically wounded a lot of the messaging that is out there at the moment. It is entirely understandable in some ways that people will take the message that if there is one rule for Government advisers and a different rule for the general public, they will take the view they will do their own thing, regardless of what the official advice says.You know, the Government's arrogant dismissal of this, the suggestion it is not a story at all and it is time to move on won't do. I mean, you know, as Esther Webber said in the Times the other day, the problem with the move on idea is that the public is not convinced moving on is an essential journey.Fiona Bruce[0:10:03] Keith, you have your hand up.Keith[0:10:06] Yes. I mean, I am going to disappoint Alex here by saying I think we should do exactly that, move on. For you political commentators and members of the opposition party, you know, Dominic Cummings' story must be like Christmas, your birthday, New Year rolled into one. You must be loving it. I mean, Emily Maitlis had to take the day off because of over excitement. Move on. I can't be bothered. I have a mind of my own. I know what to do and not to do. What Dominic Cummings does or doesn't do has no impact on me at all. You know, I am more interested in whether there is self raising flour or eggs on the market shelf tomorrow than listening to Dominic Cummings stories. Alex, yes, let's move on.Helen Whatley[0:23:37] It is important when you out and about that you are social distancing.Fiona Bruce[0:23:40] Sometimes, as the Government accepted, it is not always going to be possible, particularly in a work environment. When you don't know all the people you have been closer than 2-metre contact with, without the app how are you going to find them?Helen Whatley[0:23:53] I think you will find a lot of people will know people they have spent close contact with for a sustained period of time. That's what you would talk through with the tracers. So they can contact them. This is a known way of dealing with a pandemic and controlling it. So we are not making this up. This is a system that is known to work.Fiona Bruce[0:24:10] Are we ready, Layla?Layla McCay[0:24:12] Well, it sounds as though we are getting there with the human contact tracers, as has been discussed. Clearly it's only just launched. There are going to be operational issues as it starts to bed in.Fiona Bruce[0:24:27] Hang on. We were told it was going to be world beating on Monday by the Prime Minister.Layla McCay[0:24:33] Well, I don't think anyone on the NHS needs it to be world beating so much as really, really effective. That's what we are hoping for. At the moment it has just kicked off. We don't yet know what it's going to be like, but we are strongly hoping that this is going to be a really effective way of working.Fiona Bruce[0:26:03] Eleanor, you wanted to come in.
Eleanor[0:26:06] Yes. Just taking that last point as well, there is a huge disconnect between what we hear on the daily briefings and the reality and the implementation of these policies on the ground and, you know, having that confidence in the infrastructure can deliver what we are being promised.
Eleanor[0:26:26] It's really incomprehensible why the UK was so unprepared. I mean, countries like Turkey have been testing and tracking since the start with a relatively low death toll and indeed, as you were saying in the Panel, we were told we would get a world beating system, but what has been rolled out now is the basics of what we should have expected weeks ago.We are not testing asymptomatic cases. Tests are only available online. they should be available locally I would have thought. It just appears that once again the world has beaten us to it.Fiona Bruce[0:33:31] We have the second highest death tomorrow in the world in absolute numbers.
Helen Whatley[0:33:36] So I think we are absolutely looking at what other countries are doing of the I think one thing we do know is now is not the moment where we can actually really compare those kind of things between different countries, but the important thing is every life lost is somebody who we PHOURPB with sadness, but we also need to make sure that we are able to move on and keep the infection rate under control and try and begin to get life more in the direction of normal now.
Fiona Bruce[0:34:09] Ian.
Ian Murray[0:34:11] I think, Fiona, one of the key features of this whole pandemic has been the lack of a coordinated international response. I am tempted to say at this point could viewers in Scotland please turn over to BBC 2.
Fiona Bruce[0:34:24] Please don't if you don't mind.John Swinney[0:15:22] So the worry I have about all of this is that it has that effect that we talked about, Fiona, that Alison talked about in her question, that it essentially undermines public confidence and compliance.Now this has been a really difficult pandemic for any Government to handle. It is a challenge for us in the Scottish Government. We saw polling information this week which demonstrated very, very high levels of public trust and confidence in the actions of the Scottish Government in how we have handled this crisis. Now that does not mean there's not been hardship. It doesn't mean there's not been suffering, but it means that we have communicated clearly. We have had tremendous consent from members of the public to the measures that we have had to regrettably put in place, and I worry that the Dominic Cummings fiasco and the arrogance that has been demonstrated by the Prime Minister and by Dominic Cummings and by all of the members of the cabinet in the way that they have expected --Fiona Bruce[0:16:26] John, sorry to interrupt. It is worth pointing out when there was a similar issue in Scotland with the chief medical officer who visited her second home, Katherine Calderwood, Nicola Sturgeon did let her go but initially tried to hang on to her, as Boris Johnson is hanging on to Dominic Cummings.Helen Whatley [0:14:06] The guidance has always said that safety would be a factor and you should be clearly a responsible parent. I think what's really important is that people follow the guidance and through doing that that's how we manage to keep the infection rate under control, and so life can get back to normal, or closer to normal, which would be so much better for everybody.
Ian Murray [0:14:25] Keith is partially right, why we have not moved on is there has been no apology, no contrition. The doubling down on saying you can drive 60 miles to test your eyesight and Michael Gove's touring television studies to say that is allowable because he was preparing to go back to work is treating the public like fools. That's why people have not moved on.
Fiona Bruce [0:14:50] John Swinney.
John Swinney [0:14:52] The whole issue for me comes down to the point when Dominic Cummings made this journey everybody was told "you have got to stay at home". The reasons why you were able to leave home were really, really, really limited. Quite clearly Dominic Cummings broke those rules to make the journey that he made. Ian Murray is absolutely right. The ludicrous explanation, the thing you do when you are worried about your eyesight is drive your car for 60 miles is just beyond credibility.Fiona Bruce[0:10:51] This will be music to your ears, Helen.
Helen Whatley[0:10:53] Well, yes, and Keith's position is more I am beginning to hear coming through, that people feel there's been a lot of talk about what Dominic Cummings did or didn't do, but actually what really matters is us having the pandemic under control and being able to get back to life much newer to normal.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:13] Is that what your constituents were saying to you when it when it first broke, this story.
Helen Whatley[0:11:19] Of course I have received e-mails from constituents, as every MP has, constituents who have talked about some of the sacrifices they have made and things they have missed out on. I don't think we should suggest for a moment that lockdown is anything other than very hard.That is why what's really important is that we now have the infection rate under control and falling and that we are in a position to ease some of the lockdown measures, and launching NHS test and trace, as referred to by Alison, because that is so important to continuing to keep it under control so we can get life going again. Coming to Matt's questions, why have other nations done it fasters and could the UK Governments learn from these and do it faster themselves?
Alex Massie[0:31:13] I think on the second part of that it has to be yes. This is one of the many, many things that will be considered by the inevitable series of public enquiries that are going to follow the eventual conclusion of this emergency. You know, one of the ironies here is that, you know, one of the fiercest critics of what you might term disfunction of the British state or the Whitehall apparatus and so on is one Dominic Cummings. He thinks that we need to fundamentally rethink, re-imagine, reorganise the entire bills of Government. I happen to think some of his diagnosis is quite persuasive. He is now in a position to do something about it and he is discovering curing something is rather more difficult than diagnoseing it.Ruth[0:28:57] This track and trace system tell, what if nobody volunteers themselves? I understand it is a voluntary. What happens if people don't give their name? What happens in that situation? How is that going to be handled?

Fiona Bruce[0:29:12] It is an interesting point. If you put yourself forward, you realise you have symptoms, you realise you are going to be in quarantine for the next few weeks. All the other people you mention you have been in contact with for a sustained period of time or closer than 2 metres you are effectively dobbing them in and they are going to have to self-isolate as well. You have the same issue in Scotland as in England. What if people don't put themselves forward?

John Swinney[0:29:39] I think this is the link to the first question we have just had. The reason we have been successful in reducing the prevalence of Coronavirus is because of massive volumes of public participation and compliance. The same applies to the track, trace, self-isolate and support strategy, test and protect that we are putting out in Scotland. It relies on people coming forward where they have symptoms, indicating they have those symptoms and then for us pursuing the contact. There will be privacy applied, essentially the source of the virus that has been drawn to attention of other individuals, but it fundamentally relies on public participation, public trust and public confidence. That's why I really appreciate the comments that David made about how the First Minister has communicated about the challenges that are inherent in handling a pandemic and we need to have that similar level of communication and consent from members of the public in wrestling with the contact tracing strategy.John Swinney[0:16:46] When the story Mr Catherine Calderwood broke, the fist thing she did was apologise and accepted she had made a mistake. The first Minister said she had an important contribution to make to the Scottish Government about the clinical advice we require. The First Minister accepted, as did Katherine Calderwood the very act of her not following the rules she had set out undermined those rules. So she resigned within 24 hours.
John Swinney[0:17:16] What was different here? Katherine Calderwood apologised. She accepted there was a potential damage to public consent and participation and she resigned and did so with dignity. have behaved with arrogance and with disrespect to the public and they have insulted so many members of the public who have suffered so many things, missed out on critical moments in the life journey of their loved ones and that should be confronted. confronted.Layla McCay[0:24:51] The app question is interesting, because, of course, we were promised that the app would be here as part of that system. In some ways we don't need to be really distressed that it is not there on day one, because it's only part of the system. It is not the main part of the system. It's an adjunct. It will be something that will improve our ability to find people who are at risk and make sure that they are able to quarantine and be safe, but I think that this is really more of a challenge that we keep on being promised things are going to be here and then they're not. It's part of what I was saying before about just eroding people's confidence.The NHS has had lots of disappointments. They have been promised PPE coming on a plane from Turkey and then it has not come. They have been promised PPE that's going to work and then suddenly it is sub-standard in some way. There is lots of expectations that are raised and then they are dashed. I think what we are hearing from health leaders is promise things that you are able to deliver when you are able to deliver them and that will really help to build staff confidence and help to build patient confidence.Fiona Bruce[0:22:28] We are all getting to grips with how this is going to work. So if we develop symptoms, we contact one of these tracers. I am not sure who we contact actually. We contact somebody.
Helen Whatley[0:22:42] If you develop symptoms, you should go home and isolate. Then you should order a test, which you can do online or by phoning 119.
Fiona Bruce[0:22:51] So you inform 119 if you think you might have symptoms and you ask for a test.
Helen Whatley[0:22:55] Yes.
Fiona Bruce[0:22:56] If you test positive you are asked to supply details of who you have been in contact with.
Helen Whatley[0:23:02] Correct.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:02] What do you do without the app? What do you do about all the people who you have been in contact with when you don't know their name, address or phone number, people you were on public transport with or a shopkeeper?
Helen Whately[0:23:20] It goes hand in hand with social distancing. If you had been keeping 2 metres apart, that wouldn't count as a contact.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:26] With people you have been closer, either in the workplace or perhaps because you have gone on public transport, without the app how are you going to know the people we don't have details of?Fiona Bruce[0:27:05] Sean.
Sean[0:27:07] I am just wondering how useful this app will be. Dr Hannah Fry said in 2017 it is time for the next pandemic like this. Most of the things that were coming out from that were about access to wi-fi, having the money to pay for wi-fi, wi-fi in your home, whether you have a phone that would be able to have this app and you would be able to download it. My mum is over 70. I don't know if she would be able to navigate something like that.
Fiona Bruce[0:27:37] Dave.
David[0:27:39] I think there was a guy there. (Inaudible). The First Minister of Scotland said she was reticent to announce the moving from lockdown in Scotland. I understand where she is coming from. We have got to a point for me personally -- I may not be her biggest fan but her coming out at 12.30 every day, talking to us personally, giving us the brief she has given us and then for the Westminster Parliament to do what has happened over the last few weeks and say what they have said and give that mistrust, nobody is going to say -- the Government (inaudible) that people could get to the start. It is not like anything else that has ever happened. This pandemic has hit us all hard.
David[0:28:30] The trust has gone and I don't understand how you can sit there, Helen, and turn around and say to us that we've got to get the pandemic in control. You need the public on your side and that's not what we have seen from the Westminster Government.John Swinney
[0:35:42] We have the capacity to do that when this is at the critical moment when we have suppressed the virus. We have the capacity to do the contact testing. We have the communications in place to set that out. We have had that in place at the critical moment where we begin to relax some of the great restrictions that have been in place. So the strategy has come together in exactly the right timing to make sure we have the capacity in place to provide the support that individuals in the country ... (overtalking) ...

Fiona Bruce
[0:36:11] Sorry, John. What's stopping you reaching the capacity for 15,000 tests and you are doing nothing like those numbers.

John Swinney
[0:36:21] We are constantly expanding the range of individuals who are able to get tests. For example, we are doing a great dial more availability of testing within care homes. We have mobile services moving around the country. We have much more capacity available for people to go to to get particular tests. We have availability of test recalls for key workers and home care workers ... (overtalking) ... There are a whole range of different areas where we have expanded the capacity and eligibility to make sure individuals can get the tests they require.Fiona Bruce[0:17:45] We are going to move on from Dominic Cummings. Let's hear a question from Matthew Denn.
Matthew[0:17:52] Thank you, Fiona. Track and trace appears to be encountering delay issues in the rolling out process both north and south of the border. Why is it that other nations around the world have managed to expedite these processes and could the Scottish and the UK governments look to adapt using their successes rather than too much re-inventing of the wheel?
Fiona Bruce[0:18:15] Are you referring to things like the app, for example, Matthew? There are apps already being used in Germany, South Korea, other countries, for example, while we are still trying to get ours going. Is that what you mean.
Matthew[0:18:30] Yes. Most reasonable people would concede the Asian countries in particular, whether it was swine flu or SARS, etc, they are probably ahead of the curve because they have gone through pandemics previously. So they have been able to adapt technology but there is plenty of other examples.
Matthew[0:18:46] Dare I say Australia for one where they have been able to roll out this programme of track and trace with great speed from effectively ground zero. When the World Health Organisation said at the start of the global pandemic: "We need a joined-up approach between nations", it almost feels like the UK Government -- reminds me of my father when I was little. You would get lost. He would never ask for directions because he'd a superiority complex about it. It feels that way with the UK at the movement. You know, don't be afraid to ask for a bit of help rather than try to go off on your own tangent.Alex Massie[0:32:00] I think that is something that is a long-term challenge for the British state. You know, at the moment, in terms of how viable this contact tracing operation is going to be, an awful lot of that does depend on Government communication and that is one of the areas where I think we have seen Boris Johnson actually, you know, fail, and demonstrably so. He does not give the impression of being on top of his brief. He does not inspire public confidence, and that is a significant failing at a time and in a crisis where, you know, communication, clarity and consistency of communication are, if not half the job, then certainly a significant proportion of the Prime Minister's job or First Minister's job or anybody in a leadership position the present.Fiona Bruce[0:32:47] Helen, do you want to respond to that?Helen Whatley[0:32:49] One thing I want to pick up is that the success of the next phase does rely on people being absolutely responsible and coming forwards and booking the test.Fiona Bruce[0:33:00] Just in terms of what Alex was saying in terms of Boris Johnson failing as a communicate or?Helen Whatley[0:33:05] I actually think he is an excellent communicate or and also a very effective at motivating the troops. I do think -- I know that you can, of course, criticise any stage of the pandemic if only this or if only that, but actually extraordinary things have happened. Extraordinary things have been achieved. A huge growth in the volume of testing at an incredible pays given where we started.Helen Whatley[0:13:08] So if you have to leave home to do that, even if you are told to self-isolate, you can do that.
Helen Whatley[0:13:13] If you are contacted because you are a contact of somebody who has symptoms and told to isolate at home, you should be able to do so with your child. Everyone will have their scenarios. I mean --
Fiona Bruce[0:13:24] Just to be clear, it is important, because we are all going to have to adjust to this now, this new system. So if you are told to self-isolate at home for two weeks, either because you have symptoms or you have been in close contact with someone who has symptoms, but you have problems with that and you find that difficult because of childcare issues, you can behave otherwise. You don't have to self-isolate.
Helen Whatley[0:13:46] You should follow the guidance. I don't think anyone is suggesting you should have a child in an unsafe situation.
Fiona Bruce[0:13:54] Follow the guidance unless you can't.
Helen Whatley[0:13:56] That is not what I am saying actually at all. Absolutely you should follow the guidance. That has been the way all the way through that people should follow the guidance. What I am saying.
Fiona Bruce[0:14:05] You are saying unless --Ian Murray[0:34:26] They can't even get the four nations to work together. The explanation Helen gave at the very start of her answer to this question is different in Scotland. It going to be different in Wales and Northern Ireland. Why we don't have coordination across the UK is one of the big questions people keep asking of the let's not forget, and Layla is absolutely right, the reason we are so far behind in this international track and phrase is because we abandoned thats a aprinciple in earlier March and have only come round to realiseing that's the only way out of this. The key elements of this, if I can finish on this point, you have to test, test, and test. This goes back to what the World Health Organisation said in January. England has a dreadful testing record. You are going to have at at least a quarter of a million at day in order to get this mere being proper. That's what we have been calling for. Scotland has one. worst testing rates in the entire world. Until that's resolved this system cannot operate properly to keep people safe.Fiona Bruce[0:35:22] John. John Swinney, do you want to come back on on that?John Swinney[0:35:26] We are now in a situation where Scotland has the capacity to do 15,000 tests on a daily basis.Fiona Bruce[0:35:33] Sorry, John, to interrupt. You are not doing anything like those numbers, 15,000.Fiona Bruce[0:55:58] For someone in Jeanette's position specifically, she's come on the programme and said what are you going to do for people like me and who work for people like that. What is the Government going to do.

Helen Whatley[0:56:09] I can't pre-empt the decision the Chancellor will make on that but it is absolutely true we need to make sure people are able to afford what they need in life and recognise the costs of this. Also we do need to have something which is economically sustainable. So we need to have a way to be beginning to restart the economy, because of the huge amount of economic support that has gone to those who are in employment, in businesses, across the economy, a huge amount of support. We now need to get the economy back up and running and more people going back to work.

Fiona Bruce[0:56:44] I am sure Jeanette will wait with great interest to see what comes out. As the Prime Minister said today, "We will look after everybody locally who is affected by this". Let's see what happens.Rina[1:02:51] I think just the other thing to say, Fiona, I have listened tonight. Every time the Conservative speaks all I hear is "Well, you know, we can't compare ourselves to other countries. Let's put the Dominic wrap to bed. Let's not talk about anything that has shown us up to be the unorganised party we are".
Fiona Bruce[1:03:12] Helen, I will give you a chance to respond to that in a minute. Thank you, Rina for that. I am not trying to cut you offJohn, in terms of what Rina and Alex is saying as well, Nicola Sturgeon is saying, with hindsight, which of course is a wonderful thing, I might have done things differently. When it comes to care homes, I am specifically asking you, what would you have done differently?
John Swinney[1:03:35] I think the circumstances that have been narrated by all three of the people who have spoken, I can't really disagree with their analysis. At the time that COVID was coming towards us we realised that we thought the best thing to do was to ensure that older people who were being accommodated in hospitals where there was no clinical need for them to be there would be better protected if they were in care homes, because if there was an influx of COVID cases into hospitals where vulnerable, elderly people were, the danger of cross-infection was very high.Fiona Bruce[1:01:28] Okay. Rina, you wanted to come back in. You asked the question.Rina[1:01:32] Thanks very much. I think in terms of the planning, you know, we have known about this since the end of December, beginning of January. I know it is not a long time. What has been clear from the very start is the most vulnerable in the communities is elderly. We let people leave hospitals without being tested and put them into care homes. We put them back into their own homes to be cared for by home care workers or by support agencies or by family and nobody was tested.Rina[1:02:03] So I know there was tough decisions and I am not just talking about the Scottish Government. I am talking about generally across the UK. I know we were flooded with pictures with it. Maybe when the cameras went in and out of care homes would they be flooded with as many pictures with people dying in care homes horrenously. There is no winners in this. I know it's been difficult. I know the whole thing is new to us. I just think they are the most vulnerable and they are always I feel the first to be forgotten, you know.We have clapped and we applauded Captain Tom and many of his generation have just been left to die in care homes. I just think it's outrageous.Fiona Bruce[0:53:42] You run a cleaning company. You have various people going out to clean people's houses. John Swinney, what is the compensation package going to be? Either Jeanette, or somebody who works for Jeanette, and lots of small companies are going to be in similar positions. They get symptoms or have been close to someone who has symptoms. They are told they have to self-isolate for 14 days. What compensation will there be for them.John Swinney[0:54:08] I think the point Jeanette makes illustrates the fact there has to be ongoing support in place for individuals and businesses to make sure people can navigate their way through what's going to be a difficult period if they have to participate in contact tracing.Fiona Bruce[0:54:23] What will be, specifically, the provision for the self-employed come to an end in three days. People working for Jeanette are self-employed. What provision will be put in place for them.John Swinney[0:54:34] That is what I was coming on to. There has to be a need for an ongoing scheme of support to assist individuals in that respect, which is why we continue to press the UK Treasury to recognise this is not a short-term issue. This is a long-term issue that we have to sustain.Alex Massie[0:59:12] You know, people understand that this is a really, really difficult situation to manage. It is why, even though patience is beginning to wear thin, I think there is still a residual degree of goodwill for the Government, if the Government can be shown to be responsive to this situation, can show that it is accepting and taking ownership of mistakes, and the care home situation is clearly one of them. You can't go around prattling on about how you are throwing a protective ring around care homes at the same time as thousands and thousands of people are dying in care homes. Final point of the question. It is clear for a long, long time care homes have been sort of overlooked, too often forgotten part of the whole health and social care network, and sometimes perhaps seen as a convenient place to park people whose presence elsewhere might be deemed undesirable or too complicated.Fiona Bruce[0:52:23] That's a heck of a garden you are going to have to have to accommodate that, for no more than 15 minutes.
Helen Whatley[0:52:32] We are asking people gradually to take small steps to try to make life
Fiona Bruce[0:52:38] We are all trying to make sense of how it works since we are all going to have to be doing this. Jeanette, you wanted to come in. Let me bring you in.
Jeanette[0:52:46] I work from home and my girls go to people's houses. This track and trace has the ability to close my business down every single week. I don't know what I am going to do. I have already closed. Financially it's been a nightmare and now if any of my staff or families go to any other houses to clean or do anything we are closed. I was wondering who is going to pick up the pieces because small businesses who work from home have already been missed out on everything and now we've got track and trace. That could close me down again every single week or have girls going off sick because they have been to vulnerable houses, vulnerable places and doing their job, and I don't know what to do. How is the Government going to sort this out.John Swinney[1:04:14] It was safe to do so, if the risk assessment was undertaken, those individuals could be accommodated either at home with support or in a care home.There's been constant political pressure on us to reduce delayed discharges in hospitals, to get older people out of hospitals and into care home situations. So we followed that approach, but, of course, we have discovered just how brutal COVID is to older members of our society and our community.Fiona Bruce[1:04:46] Surely we knew, John -- sorry to interrupt -- we could see from the examples in other countries how brutal Coronavirus was to the older generation. That evidence was already there.John Swinney[1:04:58] Yes, but my point is we judged the best and safest way to support those individuals was in a care home setting or in a home with support, rather than hospital which would be the epicentre of handling Coronavirus cases.Fiona Bruce[0:56:56] Let's hear now from Rina Cuthbertson. Rina. 
Rina[0:57:00] Good evening Fiona and Panel.
Rina[0:57:03] Was a policy decision regarding the emptying of hospital beds with the patients not being tested and the outrageous consequences on our elderly citizens a planned arrangement and, if so, does this not highlight the lack of value and respect we place on the elderly?
Fiona Bruce[0:57:21] So was it a planned arrangement allowing people back into care homes without being tested and does it highlight the lack of value and respect.
Alex Massie[0:57:33] The care homes situation I think is one of those areas where governments in all parts of the United Kingdom face a terrible set of choices, you know. In hindsight, as Nicola Sturgeon said this week, they would probably make some decisions differently. You know, at the time when people were released from hospital into care homes, it was because they feared that the NHS and hospitals were going to be overwhelmed with COVID cases. So, you know, what do we do with people who are delayed discharge, bed blocking or whatever. Well, get them out, almost regardless of their circumstance.Helen Whatley[1:11:12] Every step of the way the Government followed scientific guidance on what to do, and clinical guidance.Fiona Bruce[1:11:19] There was also -- Government guidance? On April 2, the UK Government guidance is negative tests are not required for asymptomatic elderly patients prior to transfer into care homes. That was Government guidance.Helen Whatley[1:11:35] Government guidance was informed by the science and by the scientific guidance. What has happened over time we have learned. We have learned and the world has learned that actually you have a situation with people who may be asymptomatic carriers of the virus. It is particularly hard, we now know, with older people who do not display the most common set of symptoms. So there is a particular reason which is why we are now doing testing of all staff and residents in care homes for older people and those with dementia, exactly to do that, to pick up those who may be asymtomatic as well as those who have symptoms, because we are learning.Fiona Bruce[1:00:09] Let's hear from Elaine in the audience. You have had your hand up for a short while now.
Elaine[1:00:15] I agree with Alex. I think at the start of this pandemic it was a tsunami and nobody knew what they would do. I think we saw the horrific pictures of the Italian hospitals where patients were in corridors and couldn't catch a breath.
Elaine[1:00:38] I think the right decision was made at the time to make sure the hospitals were clear so we wouldn't have those images in our newspapers. I think Nicola Sturgeon has looked back, like Alex said there, and thought -- hindsight is a great thing -- probably would have done things differently. I think the choice at the time having that tsunami of patients with COVID versus letting elderly patients go into a care home, we would have probably thought that was going to be a safer place for them at the time. It was a lose/lose choice now that we look back at the time to try to get away from those images we were seeing all over the press with people not getting a hospital bed. It didn't come to that, which is a good thing. So I think it is a lose/lose. It is an unfortunate situation.Fiona Bruce[0:37:57] This is the tricky thing isn't it as Alex is saying, you might have to self-isolate more than once. Let's remind ourselves what at that means. If you have to share a bathroom with your family, you have to use it the a different time from them, wipe it all down. You have to put your rush I can in several bags when you put it out. You have to keep away why your family and may have to do this several times.
Helen Whatley[0:38:19] We are not asking people to self-isolate from their house holds.
Fiona Bruce[0:38:24] You are not worried they infect their family.
Helen Whatley[0:38:27] I should different distinguish if you are asked to isolate if you have symptoms.John Swinney[0:54:52] Now, the indications from the Treasury are that, for example, on the furlough scheme, that's going to be constrained in August by the Chancellor. That's a very damaging move, because we know that the implications of COVID are going to be with us for a long time. So we are appealing to the UK Government to recognise the longevity of this problem and put in place the support to enable that to be the case.
Fiona Bruce[0:55:16] Okay. We have Helen Whately here, John. Let's ask her. For someone in Jeanette's position, self-employed, which comes to an end in the next three days, what will the Government do for people like her.
Helen Whatley[0:55:30] With this I agree on John. The importance of having the support for people who, for instance, are required to isolate because of test and trace.
Fiona Bruce[0:55:38] It is up to the UK Government. So what are you going to do.
Helen Whatley[0:55:43] I know that is something the Chancellor will specifically look at on the self employment question. We know for those who are employed, they will be eligible for statutory sick pay.
Fiona Bruce[0:55:54] Sure.
aHelen Whatley[0:55:56] If they are asked to isolate.Fiona Bruce[1:10:19] We just heard Layla say we can't be sure that that was the critical deciding factor in terms of the exponential growth in care homes.

Ian Murray[1:10:28] 46% of all Coronavirus deaths in Scotland have been in our care homes. This was the epicentre of Coronavirus. That is why, because we sent people there without testing, we sent people there with a lack of PPE. You looked at the figures earlier. Scotland does have one of the worst testing rates in the world. The biggest problem with that is trying to get testing into the social care sector. We are only doing between 4,000 and 6,000 tests a day. How can we possibly protect the residents and staff in care homes without fundamentally testing them regularly and making sure that they are safe.

Fiona Bruce[1:11:00] Let me bring you back to Rina's original question. Was the policy a planned arrangement, putting patients in care homes from hospitals who had not been tested, and does it highlight the lack of value and respect we place on elderly citizensHelen Whatley[1:12:12] Just to go back and pick up on some of the comments from the audience, some really, really thoughtful comments, but one thing I will say is when I became a chemist on 14th February, since then so much of my time and so many people in Government has been on how we can support social care, both care homes and home care through the pandemic. We know it is really hard.One of the things that we saw early on was looking at Spain and the situation where the army went into care homes where they had been abandoned and people had just been left to die, even from neglect. So we have put in place a new reporting symptom so we know what's going on in care homes, so we get a picture of where there might be risks of that.I should also say and I talk so much to care homes, we should recognise in England over 60% of care homes have not had a COVID outbreak. So actually lots of care homes have managed to do an amazing job in keeping COVID out of their care homes, and many of those who have had it have now recovered from outbreaks and things are gettingAlex Massie[0:58:13] That now, because the sort of tsunami of COVID cases didn't quite materialise, looks to be a terrible mistake and obviously with hindsight it was a mistake, but at the time it was made I think it's reasonable for politicians to say "but this was the choice we had available to us", but you can only do that I think, you can only get the public to trust you if you communicate with candor, if you allow that mistakes will be made in a fiercely complicated, unprecedented set of situations. But you can't just allow that mistakes will be make. You have to admit to them and take ownership of them as well.If you treat people like adults there is a chance they will understand the position you are coming from. You can't deny that any mistakes took place. It seems to me to be infantilising of Government ministers to try to pretend that could be the case.Fiona Bruce[1:07:36] You think it might have spread in care homes anyway.Layla McCay[1:07:40] That's the thing. At the end of the day we don't know when this first started circulating. It looks as though when you started testing has a real impact on this, looking at other countries and care homes. It looks like people going in and out of care homes, potentially, of course, playing its role. While we really, really want an answer to that, it is too early to figure out what's going on, but we can see that we need an answer and we need to learn. I guess what I would say is this really exposes the under-investment and the undervaluing of social care for successive governments. What we really need here is a bit of a long-term plan.Layla McCay[1:08:26] We have seen what's going on in social care. It is really great that the Government has now, you know, giving some money towards social care to say "Goodness, we need to bolster, for example, your infection control mechanisms". Our members have been telling us for ages that while hospitals started to get PPE in, care homes have been in a much worse position for that. There is a lot of disparity for that. There is now funding so that care homes are able to get better infection control processes in place and things like that but that's a short-term fix.Layla McCay[1:09:00] When we look at this, we think goodness, the moment is here for social care reform. What are we going to do about it? What is the Government going to do about it.Fiona Bruce[1:09:09] Ian.Ian Murray[1:09:10] I think the chronic underfunding of social care across United Kingdom and Scotland, the chickens are coming home to roost. There is a problem for a long time. We need to have some political consensus to fund social care. We have been talking about this for too long. Let's go through what we already knew. We knew the prevalence of this disease was in older people, it was much more severe in older people. We knew from the 2014 Report and Task Force for Social Care that there was 34 recommendations. Very few of them were implemented in Scotland.Ian Murray[1:09:44] We knew in 2015.We knew in 2015 that the Scottish Government had said they would eradicate bed blocking. It was not done. We knew from the Silver Swan Report there was a problem with testing if we had a global pandemic. All of that has since happened and the decision was made by the Scottish Government to move 912 elderly people from hospital to care homes. That in itself is a big decision. It is a decision I completely agree with John, these big decisions have to be made. The key thing is they were taken from hospital to care homes without testing. So we are essentially exporting the disease on the people that it affects the most into care homes.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:23] Let's start with you. Let me ask you about the app. Where are we with this app.
Helen Whatley[0:19:30] The app will be brought forward in due course. The system that we have got in place today is drawing on over 25,000 callers who will be implementing the system.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:41] We were told by Matthew Hancock that the app was incredibly important and we don't have it. Is it just not working. What's happening with it? Just update us.
Helen Whatley[0:19:51] The app will support as we go further down the path, but the important thing is we have got to a point that.Fiona Bruce[0:19:58] We have to find out where we are with the app. If we have problems, just fill us in.
Helen Whately[0:21:52] I am not personally working on the app. The important thing is we have a system in place which we have been able to launch today which means it will support some of the easing of lockdown measures. We have actually to pick up -- we do look at overseas and what other countries are doing. We look to make sure we have drawn on the best of what you see elsewhere and we have also got to a point that we can launch the NHS test and trace system, because we now have the number of cases and the infection rate under control. So we are actually in a position that it will really work to do the contact tracing and the isolating.Fiona Bruce[0:08:01] Alex Massie.Alex Massie[0:08:03] Yes. I think at the beginning of (inaudible) there were an awful lot of people across the United Kingdom who, even if they had not voted for Boris Johnson wished him well. They recognised it was important the Government had a grip on this cricis and rose to the challenge and the occasion.Alex Massie[0:08:23] I think those sentiments were reinforced obviously when the Prime Minister fell ill himself. The events of the last week I think have enormously dented public confidence in the UK's Government to handle this crisis because people have seen and understood and it has been based on their own experience and difference between the way they have behaved and the way in this instance Dominic Cummings has behaved.They can tell the difference between these two things. You know, you can sympathise with the predicament in which Dominic Cummings and family find themselves while recognising at the same time many other people, hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, have faced comparable situations. They have obeyed and followed the Government advice and stayed at home. It is not unreasonable for them to expect people at the highest levels of Government to do likewise.Fiona Bruce[0:36:57] Ian, very briefly.Ian Murray[0:36:58] At the centre of this pandemic is the care homes in Scotland. Over half the deaths are in care homes and 46% of all deaths are in care homes in Scotland. We are still not testing care home patients or staff. We can talk about capacity. You have to talk about test delivery. It was simply not happening.John Swinney[0:37:20] Yes, we are doing all that.Ian Murray[0:37:22] Care homes are getting in touch with into where patients and staff are not being tested.Fiona Bruce[0:37:29] Alex, you wanted to come in.Alex Massie[0:37:32] My question is, without the anti-body and people knowing they have already been infected how is this track and test going to work? Am I going to have to self-isolate over and over again? If I could many in contact with someone once, do I self-isolate and take off 14 days and if I come into contact with another person, do I take another 14 days off? People who are self-employed and other people are not going to be able to manage that. This is not going to be possible for people.Fiona Bruce[0:43:10] If you have just beenHelen Whatley[0:51:10] You are being asked to isolate, self-isolate at home -- asking everyone in the household to isolate, but it is during that period in the possible incubation period to see whether you might contract the virus. I recognise there is a risk that you might be asked to do that more than once, but if people follow social distancing, if people are following social distancing and minimising their contact, so if they are having to go to a work place to work but social distancing in the work place is really important, because that's how you avoid becoming somebody who is a contact of the sort that needs to isolate.Fiona Bruce[0:51:49] In England you can go to barbecues now. I think in Scotland, correct me if I am wrong you can't.Ian Murray[0:51:55] Yes, you can.Fiona Bruce[0:51:58] You can go to barbecues.Ian Murray[0:51:59] You can. Two households, no more than eight people. It is eight people. It is six in England. Two households can meet, socially distanced in public or private, outdoor spaces. So you could have a barbecue -- this is how ridiculous this situation is. It is 8 in Scotland, 6 in England. Why don't we get a common approach.Fiona Bruce[1:13:18] John Swinney, you wanted to come in. We are almost out of time. I wanted to let you have another word.
John Swinney[1:13:27] The point I wanted to make was that in Ian's last answer he talked about the need for there to be measures to tackle delayed discharges. Then when the Government tackles the issue of delayed discharges, we get criticised for it by Ian Murray.
John Swinney[1:13:42] There are really difficult decisions that have had to be taken here with the best interests of the population at heart, tough decisions in tough circumstances.Many of the measures we have taken have supported care homes to make sure that individuals have had the resources and the equipment and the assistance in place to make sure we are kept safe in very difficult situations.
Fiona Bruce[1:14:05] I am afraid our hour is up. I want to say, Eleanor, I see you have your hand up there. We have run out of time. Forgive me for not coming to you.


Fiona Bruce [1:05:13] Let me just turn to Layla for a moment. Hearing what John and Alex is saying, there were other countries before us grappling with this. They admitted people from hospitals back into care homes. In some cases in some countries they put them into quarantine, special places or quarantine within care homes. Is there anything we could have learned from that reasonably or is Alex right, this is the best we could have done in the circumstances?
Layla McCay [1:05:42] It is incredibly hard to say. I look at what other countries have done. As you say, there's been some sort of quarantine centres or interim places to go. It is not exactly clear. I mean, obviously what has happened with COVID-19 and care homes has been an absolute tragedy, but the reasons for that are not quite as clear-cut as sometimes people are assuming.
Layla McCay [1:07:22] So we hear people say, "Oh, it is because everyone was sent out of hospital", but actually when you look at the data, it is not totally clear that that was something that has created this challenge, in fact.Fiona Bruce[00:04:11] And let me just…Tessa, when you said that you want the government to apologise for reparations paid to countries until 2015, for slavery, what are you referring to?

Female Aud 1[00:04:20] So yeah, so the debts that we were paying off, refers to the 20 million pounds that was paid off to slave owners, when slavery became illegal in 1837, and so that debt is something that the British Government was paying off until as late as 2015.

Fiona Bruce[00:04:41] Robert?

Robert Buckland[00:04:42] Well, look I think the history of our islands is always with us

Fiona Bruce [00:04:46] But, were we paying off that debt until 2015?

Robert Buckland [00:04:47] I think actually, the lady is right, because I’ve read reports similarly about that…

Fiona Bruce [00:04:52] That seems extraordinary.

Robert Buckland [00:04:54] But I think she makes a very powerful point about the fact that you cannot escape history, and I think it would be fundamentally dishonest of us to, through removing statues and airbrushing out history, to then pretend that all was well. Do you know, totalitarian regimes do that? And communist regimes and other extreme regimes do that sort of thing, and then pretend that all is well, no we need to be honest, face up to it, and accept the fact that we are as much prisoners of our history, as anything else, but we have a chance through democracy, to break free, and progress.
Fiona BruceSo, let’s start with our first question tonight, from our virtual audience, Tessa Marshall?
Female Aud 1[00:01:25] Okay. So, in the wake of the Black Lives Matter protests, will the panel commit to educating the citizens of the UK about the atrocities of the British Empire, take down the statues and the portraits that represent slave traders in the UK, and people who profited from Empire really. And will you apologise for paying off the owners of slaves that the British people were paying off until as late as 2015?
Fiona Bruce[00:01:58] Robert?
Robert Buckland[00:01:50] Well, I think we’ve got to confront our history warts and all, and whilst there are many things we can be proud about with regard to Britain and its history, there’s a lot that we need to confront and be honest about, that is bad about our history. But, I think that applying today’s standards to what may have happened many hundreds of years ago, is a difficult concept, to say the least. And I think rather than using the language of blame and apology, we should be being honest about it, being forthright about it, using democratic processes wherever possible to deal with it. So, let’s take for example, particular statues to slave traders, that might be in Bristol or elsewhere, use the democratic process to, through a proper decision, decide what to do with that particular memorial or statue…Bernadine Evaristo You know, a lot of people in this country don’t understand the colonial history, or they understand it through a certain prism, where they feel that Britain went and travelled all over the world, in order to help people. You know, there is still a section of society who don’t think slavery was a really bad thing.So, I think it’s really important that we interrogate history and when you have to take the law into your hands and remove a statue, I mean, God, nobody died, you know, it’s just this little tin statue, whatever it was, that was thrown into the river, and it then led to this conversation that we’re having now, about the rest of the relics of Britain’s murky past, then I think it’s really important.Fiona Bruce [00:08:49] And when Tessa talks about removing statues or portraits of anyone who has profited from Empire? I’m sort of wondering where does that…Bernadine Evaristo [00:08:59] Well…that’s the country, that’s the country isn’t it?Fiona Bruce [00:09:01] Yes, exactly.Bernadine Evaristo [00:09:02] But I think the visual symbols, the statues are really toxic, and they really are an affront to our shared humanity, and I think at least we need to look at that. And, do you know, Britain was built on the wealth of slavery and colonialism, that’s the truth. And we don’t really admit that.Fiona Bruce[00:02:52] So, do you think the people were wrong to tear it down then?
Robert Buckland[00:02:55] I think they were. I think that, whilst I absolutely get and understand the huge strength of feeling that’s been engendered as a result of that appalling incident in Minneapolis, and the fact that many people have just had enough, and I get that utterly, I do think that we all owe it to each other to respect the rule of law, and to within that, work for greater equality. And I think the scenes that we saw in Bristol were disturbing, in the sense that there didn’t seem to be that sense of order…
Fiona Bruce[00:03:27] You’re Justice Secretary, do you want to see those people prosecuted?
Robert Buckland[00:03:30] Well I think an investigation is ongoing, and we’ve got to let the police do their job, independently, and let the prosecuting authorities follow the evidence wherever it leads.But, the point I’m making is that if we stand for something together and collectively in this great country, it’s got to be the rule of law, and those values of freedom that attracted so many people here in the first place, and make this country, whilst it is imperfect, and whilst there is a huge amount for us to do, a good place to live, because we have that underpinning of the rule of law and democracy. Let’s celebrate that, but let’s be honest and confront the past as well.Fiona Bruce [00:05:30] Bernadine? Bernadine Evaristo [00:05:32] Yes. I totally disagree with you actually. Because I absolutely relish that statue being toppled in Bristol. They had tried for decades to either get the statue removed, or to get a plaque put on the statue, to provide the context for Colston’s history as a slave trader. And I think everybody now knows that he was culpable in terms of some 80,000 Africans being enslaves in the New World, and 20,000 of those Africans were also lost at sea.So, I think he was a really toxic symbol in Bristol, and it was really important that he should go, or at least be contextualised. And people tried to do that, and they tried for decades. They didn’t get anywhere with it. So, it felt to me that it was totally right that they should topple that statue, because of what he represented, and I am totally for a lot of the other statues in this country, being removed, and perhaps recontextualised in museums, or somewhere where we actually understand what role they played in society in a wider sense, and the whole idea about…Fiona Bruce [00:06:44] And which kind of statues for example, Bernadine?Bernadine Evaristo [00:06:46] So, there was somebody removed from outside The Museum of London, for example. Fiona Bruce [00:06:49] Yes, Robert Milligan who’s a slave trader.Fiona Bruce [00:10:43] And when you talk about vandalism for example, I mean one example that’s been quoted, and I’m not equating the two, but The Berlin Wall, for example, which obviously people just pulled down themselves, and the police stood by and just let it happen, but that’s…I’m not trying to say the two are the same, but nonetheless it was…
Rocco Forte [00:11:01] The two things aren’t in anyway comparable.
Fiona Bruce [00:11:03] Well, no, but the argument that is made that it was something that people took upon themselves to do…
Rocco Forte [00:11:05] It’s amazing that we are obsessing about statues of long forgotten people at a time when the country’s sleep-walking to economic disaster, and our children are being prevented from going to school.
Fiona Bruce [00:11:17] Well, we may well come to that Rocco, we’ll deal with one thing at a time.
Rocco Forte [00:11:20] No, it’s mind-boggling.Fiona Bruce [00:09:21] Rocco?Rocco Forte [00:09:24] Well, there’s a quote of Nelson Mandela that says, ‘Hiding our history is not the route to enlightenment. We have to understand our history and we have to confront it.’ And I agree very much with what Robert Buckland was saying that we can’t judge the past by the values of today. And it seems that people are trying to use the evil of slavery to re-write the history of this country, and try and negate the heritage that this country has. Fiona Bruce [00:10:04] So, do you think it was wrong to take down the statue of Edward Colston?Rocco Forte [00:10:06] Yes, I think it’s wrong to take it down in that way, and I think any vandalism of any kind is completely unacceptable. It’s against the law, and it’s disgraceful that the police were not there in sufficient numbers to prevent that happening. Fiona Bruce [00:10:24] I mean, people have made comparisons…Rocco Forte [00:10:25] The worst aspect for me, of the London demonstration was seeing police running away from demonstrators in fear. That’s a breakdown of law and order, and it’s mob rule. And it’s completely unacceptable.Fiona Bruce [00:23:01] Bernadine are you…?

Vaughan Gething [00:23:02] I just think that mealy mouthed refusal to engage in the reality, the Prime Minister has said something deeply offensive at the start of the 21st century, it is a real issue. For people that look like me, having a Prime Minister who used the language of watermelon smiles and piccaninnies, it matters, just as someone comparing the experience of Wales to colonialism and the African American experience, it matters and it’s offensive. And if we want to move on, we’ve got to accept that isn’t acceptable, and you gain credit for yourselves and your parties, and actually the healing that I want to see taking place right across the United Kingdom knowledge that is staring you in the face. ’Cause it isn’t just the fact that I’m a politician, I’m this colour every day of the week, every single day of the year, and it matters to me that we are spoken about and treated in a way that reflects who we are, and not the colour of our skin. So use language that matters and make sure you’re not making these mealy mouthed apologies for things that are plainly wrongFiona Bruce 
[00:11:23] Okay, well let’s talk to some of our virtual audience that’s got their hands up, [Sim 00:11:28]?Male Aud 1
[00:11:29]
 I think it’s important that as a society, we look at the past, but we 
don’t need to glorify or celebrate the events of the past that we as a 
nation took part in. I agree that statues that have links to the past, 
that bear issues relating to slavery, do need to be taken down. I’m not 
asking for them to be hidden, I think they need to be in a museum, 
because museums are great places to educate and help remember the 
past. Maybe even have history about British colonialism or minority 
ethnic communities in the curriculum, I think that would be an important
 step that we could take as a society?Fiona Bruce 
[00:12:17] [Fion 00:12:17]?Female Aud 2
[00:12:19]
 I was just going to say, I agree completely with what Bernadine 
Evaristo said about the fact that in Bristol… I went to university in Bristol, and for years, you know, it has been a topic of discussion, to 
take it down and, you know, the voice of the whole democratic thing, 
they were saying people have been asking to take that down, and people 
have been ignoring it. So, in some ways, somebody’s been saying, well 
not, actually, it needs to stay up there. So, who were they trying to 
protect there? They’re trying to protect the name of, you know, they’re 
trying to show that their statue should stay, and you say that it’s 
disturbing the way it was taken down.Liz Saville-Robert [00:17:31] So, the question that I have for us now, is how are we going to bring about the big social changes, the big changes in attitudes? That’s why the statues are so interesting, because they are so symbolic of a certain sort of history that said the Empire was fine, that the British Empire was a force for good, and a force for good only in the world. This is not true. And now is the time to come to recognise that it isn’t just the history of powerful white men, who often made their money and their fortunes out of the sufferings of others. Now is the time for the voice of the others to come through. And that is my hope for the future, that the fact that we’re having this discussion here, it has to go beyond the usual talking heads of politicians, and get into our curriculum, and really change people’s attitudes.Liz Saville-Roberts [00:21:53] Could I ask one specific question there,
please? The black population in Wales is over-represented by five times
within the prison population of Wales, surely that is a desperate
failure? That is an indication of the racism in our society in action. Would
you, as the Secretary of State for Justice, commit to using that as a target to
reduce that percentage, that unacceptable percentage within the prison
population, specifically in Wales, but of course it applies through England and
Wales entirely? 
Robert
Buckland [00:22:22] Well, what I commit to Liz, is making sure that
the problems that are inherited by the criminal justice system, are dealt with
further up the line, and the diversions that are needed in order to help people
of that background, not to get into the system in the first place, are what
we’re going to have to do. And that’s not just me, that’s Education,
that’s Health, that’s Housing, that’s the whole apparatus of government, in
Wales and in Westminster, actually coming together around the problem and the
individual, rather than this silo approach that means that I end up being
responsible for a system with a disproportionate number of young people from
that background within it.Fiona Bruce [00:25:52] Okay. Alright, let’s…this is a subject we could talk about for the entire programme, I know. There were lots of other questions that came in as well, on other things, so I’m just going to move on now, to Rosina Allen?
Female Aud 3[00:26:05] Hello. Good evening. Like myself and many other independent restaurants, our restaurant is very much family based, and five of our family members are dependant on that business. Since Covid-19 has come around, social distancing seems to inevitable in hospitality. Once lockdown is lifted, we imagine 25 to 50 per cent of our capacity will only be achieved, and we feel that only fixed costs may be covered, or may not be covered. In the short term and the longterm, what strategies will the government and stakeholder organisations put forward for our industry, taking into account there’s so much debt already been created by independent family business now?
Fiona Bruce [00:26:59] And Rosina, you mentioned social distancing, of course two metres in this country is the acceptable social distancing. Rocco, I’m going to come to you obviously, first, with your hotel business.
Rocco Forte [00:27:08] Well, yes, this two metre social distancing rule has sort of come out of the blue, there’s no scientific evidence behind it. The WTO has just come out and said, if you’re two metres away you have a one per cent chance of catching the disease, and if you’re one metre away you have a three per cent chance of catching the disease.Part 15Fiona Bruce [00:18:55] Okay. [Taio? 00:18:56]Male Aud 3[00:18:56] Slavery has bred racism, as a person in a responsible position I can’t even bring myself to repeat what some politicians, including our Prime Minister, has said in the past about ethnic minorities. I’ve been reading History at AS level, revising with my son, who didn’t do his proper exam, but I’ve read about [inaudible 00:19:20], the curriculum needs to change. The War of Independence is depicted as the Indian Mutiny. That needs to change. Especially children who are born and bred over here. My son considers himself as Welsh. And for him to read history in a different manner than what I have read, and what I’ve read recently, I think it’s important that violence should be condemned, but racism from top down, needs to be dealt with.I’m very proud to live in Cardiff, and work in Cardiff for the last 25 years, it’s a multicultural society. But we need to make sure that from top down, from Boris downwards, we need to deal with this racism.Fiona Bruce [00:25:12] Robert, could you…I’m going to move on in a moment, do you want to respond to that. This is the Prime Minister after all, this is the leader of your party?Robert Buckland [00:25:18] I would say that journalists write lots of things, and writes lots of polemic and lots of things that they would come to regret, and not to choose to do…Vaughan Gething [Voices overlap 00:25:29].Robert Buckland [00:25:30] No. I would say this, that…Fiona Bruce [00:25:32] Has the Prime Minister ever said that he regretted using those terms?Robert Buckland [00:25:34] Look, I can’t speak for him about what might have been written 15 or so years ago, I’ve got to judge the person on his actions as an elected politician, and what I’ve seen is somebody who absolutely understands the challenges we face, accepts them, faces up to them, and wants to do something about them.
Fiona Bruce [00:06:57] And would you want to see his statue come off Nelson’s Column?

Bernadine Evaristo [00:06:59] Well, I think we need to have that conversation, probably. But, there is also this argument that’s come up, in terms of the statues, that we can’t change history and that it is the history of this country. But actually, history is a construction. Okay, events happen, we have a past, and then historians contextualise that past and interrogate it. And what’s happened in this country, is that historically that has been done by elite white men, who have been the historians, who have set the framework for the events of the past. So, history is something that needs to be challenged, and re-interrogated, and revised constantly.And removing those statues, in a sense it’s giving power to the people who really do object to a symbol of their historical slavery and all their allies as well. The other thing about history, is that history has always excluded primarily women and people of colour, and working class people and LGBTQ+ people, in the ways in which it’s been told. And that also goes to what you were saying about the colonial history.
Female Aud 2 [00:12:19] If you think about the people that it’s affected, the ancestors of the people that walk past it every day, would it not be disturbing to see someone glorified, when they have killed thousands of people and are being celebrated in a way so publicly, so I just don’t agree exactly with what Rocco or what the Justice Secretary had to say there, that it’s disturbing or in some way that it’s in anyway worse than going the democratic way, when there’s still people trying to justify what that man did.

Fiona Bruce [00:13:16] Elaine? 


Female Aud 3 [00:13:17] Hi, I like the idea of Tessa’s second part of the question, because there will be equal measures on both sides. I’m really interested in how we’ll all come together and have a critical conversation about how we can go forward with this issue.

Fiona Bruce [00:13:37] Well, let me come to John Williams on that. John, you wanted to take this question forward?

Male Aud 2 [00:13:45] Yes. So, will the possible taking down of 60 statues in the UK, advance the cause of Black Lives Matter?
Fiona Bruce [00:13:54] So, Vaughan, I mean this just leads on really from Tessa’s question, whether or not taking the statues down is productive, I don’t know whether you approved of what happened in Bristol, and is it perhaps obscuring a larger, or helping a larger discussion?Vaughan Gething [00:14:16] Well, I’m pleased that John’s made his point in his question, because what I was going to say to the original question was, that yes, I do think that some of those statues need to come down, and others that stay up, I think need greater context about who those figures were. But the Black Lives Matter campaign is not a campaign to re-engineer our public space and remove statues, it’s actually not even about the death of George Floyd, it’s about the persistent and continuing racial inequalities, that affect not just America but other countries around the world, including our own. And that’s the point. And I think within that, this is only one small part of a debate that we need to have as a group of countries, but then also an action that we need to take. And all of us are painfully familiar with the fact that criminal justice [inaudible 00:15:02] different, if you like me compared to Robert. They’re different in terms of what happens to you in terms of mental health services too. That’s the sort of action that I think we need to see taken, and get too led down a blind alley here.
Fiona Bruce [00:20:17] And Robert, what, I mean we heard the Prime Minister talk about this at Prime Minister’s Questions yesterday, the comment he made about piccaninnies waving at the Queen, and watermelon smiles, has come back time and time again to haunt him. What are we going to see from the government, if anything?
Robert Buckland [00:20:34] A Prime Minister who was major of probably the most cosmopolitan city in the world, and was elected twice, and whose approach to issues of migration and multiculturalism has been open, liberal and inclusive, and his remarks in the aftermath of the unlawful of George Floyd, I think were appropriate, they struck the right tone, and he talked in a positive way about what needed to be done. So, I think absolutely, we have the right approach. I think that sense of trying to bring people together, is what we need now. And I think a lot of the remarks, I think, are on the money when it comes to the fact that rather than focusing upon icons and statues, actions speak far louder than words, and Vaughan has made the point about the criminal justice system, I have responsibility for that in England and Wales, I absolutely take responsibility for the need to improve the way in which we deal with black and minority ethnic people in that system. And there’s a whole range of things that we are doing, no time to go into them now, but the sort of practical measures that we’ve got to do, to make the experience different…Fiona Bruce [00:27:33] This is the WHO, the World Health Organisation?Rocco Forte [00:27:36] Yes, WHO. The reality in continental Europe, which has started to open up, is that they’ve gone back to one metre.Fiona Bruce [00:27:47] Some of them, not all of them have, but yes, some of them have. So you’ve got, what have we got? We’ve got China?Rocco Forte [00:27:50] A lot of them have. So, Italy has and Germany has and…Fiona Bruce [00:27:54] Germany is at one and a half metres, as is Italy. France and Denmark are at one metre at the moment.Liz Saville-Roberts [00:28:01] And Spain is higherRocco Forte [00:28:02] And the reality of this whole thing, is no one is concentrating on the economic impacts of this, and the reality of this disease, which at first was thought to be a terrible disease, and was going to kill millions of people, it’s not turned out to be like that. A lot of the surveys that have been done show it’s 0.1 to 0.2 per cent of people, who die if they catch the disease and the reality is…Fiona Bruce [00:32:13] So, how can you help Rosina?Vaughan Gething [00:32:16] We have a two metre rule in our regulations, we have to consider that, and we’re not about to change the law on that, because I think there’s good evidence actually, that you are safer, you have double the risk having a one metre rule, as opposed to a two metre rule. The Scientific Group on Emergencies, has advised all the governments of the UK on that.Fiona Bruce [00:32:33] Okay.Vaughan Gething [00:32:34] And I’m not about to risk the lives of our citizens, on the basis of what Rocco suggests.Fiona Bruce [00:32:40] So, the conclusion of that is Rosina’s business might go to the wall. Rosina, you’ve got your hand up, let’s hear from you again.Female Aud 3[00:32:48] I’m not saying about reducing the social distancing of two metres, if that’s the law, that’s law. And I think even if you reduced it to one metre, I don’t think that would make a lot of difference, because I think in the mind of the consumer, it’s very much scorched in about the two metre rule, about staying away from other people. I think even if you reduced it to half a metre, I think people are going to stay away. So our dilemma is not just in the next week, or the next two weeks or the next month, I think is a much, much longer longterm problem that the hospitality are going to have.Part 19Bernadine Evaristo [00:24:02] I think that, you know, I’ve found Boris offensive all along, with his journalism in The Spectator, with the racist things that he said. When he became Mayor of London, yes, he became mayor of an incredibly multicultural city, but one of the first things that he tried to do, was to get rid of Black History Month, right? So, we’re talking here about the importance of history and acknowledging the past, and also we should be celebrating the entire population, people of colour and our contribution to this society, we’ve been here since the Romans, it’s something I’ve written about, and we have a mayor who tries to get rid of the single thing that we do, to bring to the wider public, the fact that we have a history. And in fact, the truth is, of course, black history is British history. This is a multicultural country and always has been. And British history is world history, because we had an Empire, that ruled over a quarter of the world, for a very long time. So, I really don’t accept you apologising or trying to present Boris Johnson in a good light, because I’ve found him deeply offensive.Fiona Bruce [00:28:34] The other suggestion is one per cent, and in some countries higher.Rocco Forte [00:28:40] Well, I don’t know, no, I mean the only thorough research that’s been done, was one done by Stanford on the New York epidemic, which is one of the hot beds in the United States, and it’s come out with these figures. So, the reality of this disease is that it hits, the average age of people who’ve died in this country is 80. A third of them have died in the care homes, it’s a disgrace what’s happened in the care homes, but it’s…Fiona Bruce [00:29:11] But when it comes to the hospital industry, for example, and obviously Rosina’s talking about her restaurant here, if the government sticks with this two metre social distancing, is it going to be viable for you, for example, to open, you’ve got hotels around the world?Rocco Forte [00:29:27] No, it isn’t. It isn’t.Fiona Bruce [00:29:28] You’ve got hotels around the world, but do you have them in this country?Rocco Forte [00:29:30] There are a number of aspects to hotels opening and so on, a lot of hotels in this country depend on international travel. If there’s no international travel, they won’t have customers, they won’t be able to open.Fiona Bruce [00:29:41] So you’re opposing the quarantine as well?
Rocco Forte [00:29:43] Yes, of course. Yeah, I mean the quarantine, again, it’s got no scientific evidence behind it. The chief scientific officer says it’s a political decision, not a scientific decision. We’re closing down, and the rest of Europe is opening up. Until Sunday you could come from Iran or Brazil, the two highest hotbeds of the disease, with impunity, and all of a sudden on Sunday evening, no one could come in.
Fiona Bruce [00:30:10] So, can I just ask you, so with your hotels in other countries where the distancing is a metre or one and a half metres, can you open economically, profitably, with that kind of social distancing?
Rocco Forte [00:30:21] It’s still difficult, but a metre makes it possible. I mean, the tourism industry has suffered disproportionately, effectively it’s been without income since March, and will continue to be without income in this country until July, so that’s four months, a third of the year, and many, many businesses in the tourism industry will go under. You impose quarantine which stops foreigners coming into this country, just when there was a chance to save something out of the summer season, it’s another nail in the coffin, a two metre rule makes it impossible for the people to open properly.
Liz Saville-Roberts [00:40:24] And when the furlough scheme ceases, regardless of what Welsh Government says, because Welsh Government hasn’t got the means of funding their own policies, they are going to be facing the situation, and many, many other businesses, where they’ll be making redundancies this summer. This is the three winter scenario. Now, to come back to the question of public confidence, because at the heel of the hunt, it will be public confidence that changes this, we need an effective test and trace system in place, that is seen by people to work, both in Wales and in England, and until people have that confidence, then we’re going to see the same problem coming up. Alongside this, I beg both our governments, the Welsh government and the UK government, the English government in this respect, look at what’s happening to our tourism and hospitality industry, look at our dependants on this. These people will go out of business and there will be immense suffering in the terms of unemployment. Please do not pull the wool over our eyes. We need these industries into the future, and I fear what will happen this summer.Fiona Bruce [00:33:25] Lisa-Marie?
Female Aud 4[00:33:26] Hi, sorry, in Wales, more than 95 per cent of our businesses are small and micro businesses, and at the moment, there is zero admissions going into Gwent, and there are really low admissions going into Heath Hospital. So, there’s no evidence really, to suggest keeping a lockdown in place, but also have they already taken into account what impact this is going to have on all these small businesses, and our economy in Wales, which could be severely affected if we keep some of these guidelines in place?
Fiona Bruce [Shakeel 00:33:58].
Male Aud 4[00:33:59] I just wanted to ask, once furlough has ended, should we prepare for mass redundancies for businesses that can no longer function in the new normal?
Fiona Bruce [00:34:07] And let me hear from John?
Male Aud 5[00:34:09] The economy in Wales has always been a House of Cards, we’re very dependant on the public sector. And we should have been leading the way in reopening, but we’re not, we’re forever days, weeks behind, what Westminster’s doing, and really the Welsh Assembly sits on its hands for three weeks, in between thawing out a few little tit bits of very, very minor trivial relaxing.Vaughan Gething [00:45:06] We’re now in a much better place, we have well over 12,000 tests available daily if we need them in Wales. To give you an idea, if that were equivalent for the whole of the UK, we’d have a UK capacity of well over 260,000 tests, so actually we have more than, if you like, the share of the whole UK capacity would be because of the programme we have successfully implemented. When it comes to turning around test results, we’re actually in a decent place, but I want to see us get better, it will help us to maintain public confidence in test, trace and protect, if we can turn around those tests even faster. So, I’m committed to understanding what we can do to make it better, openly publishing the data we have, and to give that confidence to people. So, the facts, I think, don’t bear out the comments that Liz has actually made.Liz Saville-Roberts [00:46:18] Can I just say one thing?Fiona Bruce [00:46:19] Briefly, Liz, ’cause I need to get around the panel.Liz Saville-Roberts [00:46:20] Contact testing was started in Wales, and stopped almost immediately. The only place where it carried on was Ceredigion, where they’ve had the lowest deaths and the lowest rate, I think 61 amongst 100,000 of infection.Fiona Bruce [00:38:48] But it’s also… It’s not just propaganda, obviously, I think people are confused by the different information that’s coming out, you talked about this report from Stanford 0.1 to 0.2 per cent…
Rocco Forte [00:38:55] Yeah, but I mean the German, the German…
Fiona Bruce [00:39:56] But let me just say, that was not peer reviewed, as I expect you know, and other scientists have come out with different figures in terms of statistics for deaths coming from coronavirus.
Rocco Forte [00:39:07] The German, there’s a report by experts in the German government, which was leaked, which says that the German government’s reaction was completely over the top, was unnecessary, they compared it to the 2017 and ’18 influence epidemic, which killed one and a half million people across the world, it killed 25,000 people in Germany, 28,000 in this country, and the economy of the world was not locked down. In ’68, when I was 23, we had the Hong Kong Flu. That killed over a million people worldwide. We had 80,000 in this country. I don’t remember anything about it, it wasn’t talked about.Fiona Bruce [00:34:40] Robert, looking at the situation in England, we had the Business Secretary, Alok Sharma, warning that three and a half million jobs are at risk in the hospitality sector. The government’s coming under a lot of pressure from Conservative MPs to do more for businesses like Rosina’s, and in particular reduce this two metre distance, any chance of that happening?
Robert Buckland [00:35:00] Well look, I think Rosina actually makes a really important about the confidence that people will have, and, you know, governments will have regulations and have plans and guidance, but without that confidence, then, you know, other things will happen. And I think she’s right to remind us that this isn’t going to be something that we will have an end date to, and that all will be well. We have, of course, extended things like the furlough scheme into October, and in Wales, about 418 thousand people have been supported through various government schemes, which is welcome, but this isn’t a problem for weeks or months, this is a problem that’s going to endure for a much longer period. I think within government, we’re right to have the debate, in fact the debate is happening across the country, because as you said, there are different international standards. But, I do think it’s right that we stick to the [lath 00:35:49] on two metres, we’ve got to be clear about that.Robert Buckland [00:49:50] Or are they saying, well, and I’m trying to deal with the point, I think that there is still, actually, from all the evidence that I’m seeing, a high degree of, not so much people just doing it because the government are telling them to do it, people doing it because they know, from their own information and their own research, and their own understanding, that it is the right thing to do, you know? I’ve never underestimated the sense of the Welsh public or the British public, to do the right thing. You will always have a minority, perhaps who won’t, but the majority can be trusted, and frankly, rather than blind trusting government, government should be trusting people to do the right thing, that’s very much my approach.

Liz Saville-Roberts [00:50:30] Or are they asking, what would Dominic Cummings do?

Fiona Bruce [00:50:32] Okay.

Robert Buckland:[00:50:34] Let's not talk about individuals shall we now, Liz, let’s raise the level of the debate shall weLiz Saville-Roberts [00:44:00] Over and above that, representing a highly rural area, which of course is served by Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board, and Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board has been in special measures for five years, what I get people concerned about with me, is that they just can’t get the results from their tests back again. So, I’m sad to say that we have these high stories, but when it comes down to people’s experience on the ground, and that critical way that we need to be getting people’s confidence back, they need to see the tests working, that’s the only way that’s going to unlock people’s confidence and then unlock our economy.Vaughan Gething [00:45:06] Well, there’s some facts to deal with there, if I may? When it comes to test results in Wales, over 90 per cent of the people get their test results within 48 hours. The idea that it’s somehow a widespread problem with late test results, simply doesn’t match the facts. When it comes to our testing capacity, the review that I ordered into where we were, revealed that we couldn’t meet those early aspirations about the number of tests we wanted, because equipment was delayed in other countries, some countries stopped the export of testing equipment.Fiona Bruce [00:37:14] Bernadine?Bernadine Evaristo [00:37:15] Yeah, I don’t know, I don’t know what the solution is. So, if the hospitality industry does open up, as you would like Rocco, how do you keep people safe, you know? You can’t open up with social distancing, so how do you keep people safe?Rocco Forte [00:37:31] But I think it’s up to the consumer to decide what he wants to do. I mean people have been terrified by the government propaganda, and in a way that’s gradually breaking down already, you see it with the people on the beaches, you see it with people in the parks. They’re not social distancing and two metres, the only place I’ve seen it happening is here, tonight.Fiona Bruce [00:37:54] And we’re doing it very well. But, it’s not just propaganda, Rocco.Rocco Forte [00:37:57] [voices overlap 00:37:57] talking about the economy, it’s not about the economy, it’s about the livelihoods of millions of people. We’re not talking about thousands here, we’re talking about millions of people who are going to lose their jobs, and their families, and it’ll affect their health and everything else. You can’t just sweep it aside, oh it’s just the economy. What about the resorts in Wales, like Rhyl, Llandudno, Porthcawl, which depend entirely on a summer season? Those people are not going to be able to function. They’re not going to survive. They’ve had one winter, they’re going into another winter, and the summer which should have lifted them up, is not going to be there if you carry on like this. So all those businesses are going to be devastated [voices overlap 00:38:46] and all the jobs that go with them.Fiona Bruce [00:50:39] Let me get round the rest of the panel. Bernadine, what do you make of what you’re hearing?Bernadine Evaristo [00:50:43] I don’t know. I think there is a privacy issue, and I do think there’s a trust issue, actually I kind of agree with Ross, because I certainly haven’t taken my lead from this government, in terms of the pandemic. I went into lockdown some 10 days before the government told me to, because it was glaringly obvious to me that I should do, and I might have saved my life, I don’t know. Because I zap around London on the tube all the time. And the week before I went into lockdown, the tube was heaving, people were coughing and spluttering and sniffing, it was terrible. And I do know people who continued to travel around London, who got the virus, you know? So I did not take my leadership from this government. And we know about Boris and him shaking hands with coronavirus patients in a hospital, when we all knew that you shouldn’t be making physical contact with people.Fiona Bruce [00:54:09] Of course, not just doctors, we’re talking about all healthcare staff. Rocco?Rocco Forte [00:54:12] Well, it’s very peculiar this virus, and it doesn’t affect everybody in the same way. The week before I emerged with the symptoms, which was actually coincided with lockdown, I worked cheek by jowl with six senior executives in my office, because we were planning for the issues that we had to face, and none of them got the disease. In my household, which has 11 people and two children, and we were all together in it, only four people got the disease. And why didn’t the others catch it? And so, I think a lot of the modelling that’s taking place, is based on assumptions that are completely wrong. Fiona Bruce [00:55:07] It is a new disease, of course?Rocco Forte [00:55:09] Yeah, I know, well yes, but I mean, 500,000 deaths were based on a computer model, completely false assumptions. Probably…Fiona Bruce [00:55:21] Well I’m not sure that Neil Ferguson shares that view, but yes.Rocco Forte [00:55:22] …the 25,000 less deaths that we would have had if we’d locked down earlier, the same wrong assumptions have been put into the computer model, why should we believe them?Fiona Bruce 
[00:42:06] Well, you mentioned testing Liz, we have a question on that from Shakeel.Male Aud 6
[00:42:10] Hi,
 okay, so we’ve recruited 25,000 contact tracers, however with today’s 
test and trace results showing that a third of people who are testing 
positive are not providing any details for those close contacts, is the 
system good enough, and is it up to scratch?Fiona Bruce 
[00:42:30]
 Robert, also I’m going to come to you on that, ’cause we’ve had the 
figures out today, from the Health Secretary, Matt Hancock. Vaughan, let
 me just start with you. I mean contact traces have been happening in 
Wales for some period of time, but what we don’t know, I think, is how many people are actually being 
contacted, and agreeing to handover their contacts, is that right?Vaughan Gething 
[00:42:50]
 Well, we’ve not had a problem reporting at all. Funnily enough, today I
 had a meeting with our oversight group for our test, trace, 
protect system, and that’s had a very good start to that. Partly because
 we’ve got low numbers, we have less than a hundred people each day who 
are new infections, and we don’t have any kind of significant problem 
with people not giving their data. In the first week of operation, the 
figures [I published 00:43:14] this week, [to add 00:43:17] 659 contacts
 identified [inaudible 00:43:20] given advice to 619 of those contacts, 
that’s a contact rate of 94 per cent.Robert Buckland [00:35:00]
Clarity is something that people demand from government. And whilst it’s
right of us to consider the evidence and to constantly evaluate and question
and make adjustments, the two metre rule certainly stays for the foreseeable.
 I think with regard to the other measures… 
Fiona Bruce [00:36:11]
It’s confusing though isn’t it, given that some countries are going for a
metre, the WHO is suggesting a metre, and then you’ve got other countries that
are going for one and a half metre, people are wondering, where’s the…it’s all
one science, so how is that decision made? 
Robert
Buckland [00:36:24] I think, Fiona, it’s a question of two stages; the
evidence and the advice you get from SAGE and the scientists forms part of a
decision making, that is ultimately political, the two stage approach to
it. And there will be a number of different factors in that. I think
the challenge for government now, as we come out of this period of really
intense lockdown, is how to get the combination right. And that’s why
there’s been a big debate about the quarantine. Clearly at the time of the
height of the outbreak, quarantine would have made no difference, but now, the
advice that we get, is that even small adjustments can affect that R rate, and
therefore it’s a constant evaluation to see what adjustments we can make, to
help people in Rosina’s position, and to get the balance right between the need
to open up, but the need to save lives as well.Fiona Bruce [00:47:43] Sure, but what about the third that Shakeel is referring to?
Robert Buckland [00:47:45] Well, look, I think he’s right to draw our attention to the fact that they’re still people who are not cooperating. I think it’s…
Fiona Bruce [00:47:52] And why do you think that is?
Robert Buckland [00:47:53] Well, I’m concerned about that. I think it’s all of our collective duty to work with the authorities, to do everything we can to do our part, and clearly we’ve got to get the message over again and again, about the importance of sharing that information, and we share it in a voluntary way, but we do it in a spirit of collective coming together to fight this virus. I think this is only the first week, but I think the figures are encouraging.
Fiona Bruce [00:48:20] I know, I just mention it simply because, some minutes that came out from SAGE, which of course is the scientific body advising the government, say that 80 per cent of contacts need to be traced, in order for this system to be effective. And if a third of the people aren’t handing over their contacts at all, you’re not going to get anywhere near that are you?Vaughan Gething [00:42:50] And so it does show we’ve got an effective system here, we’ve delivered that in partnership between our National Health Service and the [authorities that deliver the system 00:43:33]. 
So, I think the question really describes the position in England, in Wales our start has been much more effective than that, and the challenge is how we continue to do that, as we progressively unlock more activity when it’s safe to do so. So, here in Wales, I think we have a good story to tell about our start to contact tracing, and I’m very proud of the work that our public services are doing to deliver that service to help keep Wales safe.
Fiona Bruce [00:43:58] Do you agree with that Liz?
Liz Saville-Roberts [00:44:00] Well, we know the fiasco that happened with the testing targets from Wales, where they had to be given up on. We actually had to give up on targets because they were so impossible to reach. And I would go back to the question of the Roche testing contract, when we know that thousands of tests were taken away from Wales, by the UK government, and for some reason or other, I think the people of Wales deserve to hear the full story of this, and yet I understand Vaughan, that you’re not releasing the actual email correspondence, which was the reason as to why we don’t have these tests in Wales.Part 38Fiona Bruce [00:46:32] Okay, let’s come back to Shakeel’s question. 
Vaughan Gething [00:46:33] There’s also been the [inaudible 00:46:34] incidence in that county as well though Liz, so it isn’t a matter of the contact tracing system determining. And as with every part of the UK, they stopped contact tracing in the early part of the pandemic, because we simply didn’t have the resources to carry on doing that. Now, that is the truth of the matter. I do wish we’d had greater capacity at an earlier point in time, to allow us to make a different choice. But, we made choice with the facts available to us. We’re making choices now, that are all about we keep Wales safe, and we’re actually doing a decent job compared to other parts of the UK [00:47:03].
Fiona Bruce [00:47:04] Okay, let me drag us back to Shakeel’s question, which is talking about the 25,000 contact tracers in England, with today’s test and trace results showing that a third of the people who tested positive, are not handing over their contacts to then be traced and isolate. Is that good enough?
Robert Buckland [00:47:26] Well, I think we can do even more. I mean, let’s remember that that meant that two thirds did the right thing, and of that two thirds, 85 per cent then confirmed that they would self-isolate, that’s nearly 27,000 people who will now have the benefit of this system, so…Male Aud 8 [00:52:23] Testing is one thing, tracking is another one, but it’s the speed of results of the test which is important. I was desperate to get back to work when I was tested, but it took three days for my results to come back. I was desperate, because I knew I was needed in work. But, when you hear stories like, getting your eyes tested, by driving a certain amount of miles, and the lack of leadership. Yes, the majority of people might get their results, but for healthcare workers, I think it’s important that the speed of reporting should be quicker. Not only that, the results and the statistics that we look for, we need to have those results quicker, we need to learn from Korea, where the results come within a day, and then the track and testing process is much faster with isolation. So, we needed to learn much quicker from Korea, and other countries who have dealt with it, rather than wait for lack of leadership, and not condemning what the Prime Minister’s aid did or the other ingredients within the whole recipe of protecting people. I feel much safer with this two metre rule over here, but then the lack of PPE, hearing stories and the report coming out about ethnic minority doctors, why they’re dying more than the others, these are the issues that we need to have clear recommendations, to make sure that we are moving in the right direction. We need to protect every life that we can.Fiona Bruce [00:51:37] He did later say that he was shaking hands with the staff, he made the point that he wasn’t…
Bernadine Evaristo [00:51:41] Oh did he?
Fiona Bruce [00:51:42]…yes, he wasn’t shaking hands with the patients.
Bernadine Evaristo [00:51:43] Well, the thing is, that’s what he said, that’s what we perceived him to say, so that was his leadership. So, I think people are very suspicious, and I think people are making up their own minds about what they’re going to do, and not necessarily listening to the government. And we have to bring up Cummings, who I’m sure is brought up a lot in this programme, because, you know, he’s…
Fiona Bruce [00:52:03] Well he certainly was at the time, yes, there was quite a lot of conversation about him.
Bernadine Evaristo [00:52:06] Well, yeah, so, you know, look at his leadership skills, you know, although he’s the man behind the throne? He’s the puppet master. But we know what he did, so it’s a very difficult situation. It’s very difficult for people, who do you listen to?Fiona Bruce [00:31:04] Vaughan, when it comes to Wales, the First Minister has said he doesn’t expect most of Welsh tourism to be running this summer at all, at best hope self-catering, so what do you think in response to what Rosina said and what Rocco Forte has had to say?

Vaughan Gething [00:31:19] Well, it’s difficult, but I’m very proud of the fact that our government in Wales, has as our priority how to keep Wales safe. We’ve taken a deliberately cautious approach to easing out of lockdown, because I simply disagree with Rocco’s characterisation of Covid-19 and its impact. It is a dreadful disease, it’s taken thousands of extra lives, tens of thousands across the UK, and would have taken many more if we hadn’t imposed lockdown when we did. And I don’t think you can try to balance off health against economy. If we come out of lockdown too quickly, we’ll not only see lives lost, we will see a much greater impact upon our economy. So, we are looking at a range of measures that we take, which have more economic activity take place, but to do so unashamedly on the basis that we’ve got to do this in the safest way possible, and that does mean necessary cautionLiz Saville-Roberts [00:39:54] And yet we are still at 63,00 excess deaths for this time, and we are the highest country in Europe for deaths? Now one of the things that the public knows, and people should make their own responses, and this is one of the reasons, I think, why people are still keeping to the two metres themselves, Professor Neil Ferguson has said it, we went into lockdown too late, and we went into lockdown too late because Boris Johnson likes to think that he will let people do what they want to do.Robert Buckland [00:40:21] No.Liz Saville-Roberts [00:40:22] And he is reluctant to take criticism of this.Robert Buckland [00:40:23] [That’s just not right 00:40:23].Liz Saville-Roberts [00:40:24] Now, here in Wales, I deeply fear when the furlough scheme is starting to scale down, it starts to scale down in August, when businesses are responsible for taking on their national insurance and their pensions. Seventy four per cent of our business are dependant, are using the furlough scheme. And of course, I represent an area, Dwyfor Meirionnydd, which is deeply dependant on the tourism industry, and I fear what is going to happen with that industry, and I talk to people like the Ffestiniog Railway, an absolute jewel in the crown, the heritage railways in North Wales, absolute jewel in the crown, they are facing what they call, the three winter scenario.
Vaughan Gething [00:14:16] And in doing that, it’s not just examining our distant past, it’s not even about trying to re-write our history, it’s understanding our history to help deal with our future. And the way politicians talk about this matters. So, I think the Prime Minister would be in a better position to do his job, if he recognised that at the start of the 21st century, talking about watermelon smiles and piccaninnies was not helpful, he was an MP at the time. The same for the leader of Plaid Cymru, [inaudible 00:15:40] in the recent past, too. We can all learn from this, and take the opportunity in this extraordinary global movement, to reset, not just our view on our past, but much more importantly to make changes to our shared future.Fiona Bruce [00:15:54] And Liz, obviously you’ll want to respond to what Vaughan has said, but also just looking at John and Tessa’s questions, they’re in sense two sides of the same coin, you know, should we be taking statues down, remove portraits commemorating people who had profited from slavery, or profited from The Empire, Tessa’s saying, or is that in a sense counter-productive, in terms of looking at the bigger issue?Liz Saville-Roberts [00:16:15] I think certainly this is a time where, I look back to the time when I was raised in Eltham and the terrible appalling murder of Stephen Lawrence, and at that time it drove many establishment changes, but it evidently did not drive enough, we know that. We know that we live in a racist society.Liz Saville-Roberts [00:16:15] Now there’s one thing that I just could refer back to, what Vaughan said, and this is a little bit disappointing, because frankly Vaughan, I think we are trying to fight from the same corner here, and you do know that Plaid Cymru of course, Adam Price has called for an enquiry into structural racism in Wales, it was in response to his questioning that the first minister of Wales responded with supporting the concept of a black and minority ethnic museum in Wales, and also it’s been Plaid Cymru who’s been leading on perhaps the major point, which is changes to the curriculum.Fiona Bruce [00:17:12] But what Vaughan’s referring to is obviously, Adam Price apologised for comparing Wales to a kind of colonial outpost?
Liz Saville-Roberts [00:17:19] Yeah, when we’re looking at the real big issues of politics one of the rather petty things that we do in politics in the United Kingdom is bring it down to personalities, and these are big, serious…
Vaughan Gething[00:17:29] There’s nothing petty, it matters.Liz Saville-Robert: [00:17:31]…questions. Now, looking at the statues, and I raised this yesterday with the Prime Minister, of course, what we have within the United Kingdom is the way of presenting history very much through the eyes of the Conservatives. And the Prime Minister, when I asked him on this question, is that Conservatives don’t pull down statues, Conservatives don’t pull down statues. It was the imagery of the past. And I know that the Lord Chancellor will agree with this, we have much legislation in place to deal with racial hatred, but we know that we still live within a racial society, which acts upon racialism and racism.Robert Buckland [00:48:40] Yeah, well, we need to do better, as I’ve said, and I think that, in the first week, that is encouraging, but I very much hope and I would expect, that as we all get more used to it, then the new normal will start to apply, and people will see the advantage in sharing that information, and doing the right thing, because cumulatively, as we’ve found with lockdown, we can use this system to continue the fight against the virus.Fiona Bruce [00:49:09] Ross?Male Aud 7[00:49:10] Hello, sorry. Do you reckon Rob, do you think there’s a correlation between the confidence in how the government’s dealt with this pandemic and connecting that with the third that doesn’t give any of their details with the Track and Trace?Fiona Bruce [00:49:26] I love the fact that Ross is calling you Rob as well, we’re getting fantastically informal here.Robert Buckland [00:49:30] That’s alright Ross, thank you very much, a lot of people do. I think it’s a very important point. I talked about confidence, I think, a little earlier on.Fiona Bruce [00:49:39] But, do you think he’s right?Robert Buckland [00:49:40] I think that we’ve got to ask ourselves the question, are people doing it because they don’t want to cooperate, that they value, perhaps their own privacy or…Fiona Bruce [00:49:49] Or, loss of trust, that’s what Ross is asking.

Liz Saville-Roberts [00:55:30] But Rocco, forgive me, this illness is not known to science for more than perhaps six months. We cannot say for certain how it will pan out. 
Rocco Forte [00:55:40] No, but I mean…Liz Saville-Roberts [00:55:41] They’re making the best assessments under the circumstances.
Rocco Forte [00:55:42]…a lot of the…this whole two metre distance is based principally on the Spanish Flu, the second wave is based on the Spanish Flu, a completely different disease to this. The last two coronaviruses petered out on their own, and this will probably happen with this one.
Fiona Bruce [00:59:59] Well, that would be marvellous if that were the case, I’m not sure that there is certainty on that, far from it, I think Rocco, but thank you. We are out of time, which is why I’m closing you down on that I’m afraid.Jess Phillips[0:03:28] But it is very confusing for people, and so I think that fundamentally now, people are going to start just doing what they think is right, because it seems there is a changing landscape with the communication that we're hearing. I have had people this week, pregnant women saying to me, well I'm in my third trimester can I go out? Older people who were shielding saying, what are the rules for me? And I think it needs much clearer communication. And also, an understanding that this isn't to control. This wasn't to try and -- the Government, I could criticise them on a lot of things, I don't think they are out there to control our minds or our liberty. The reality is, we need to be able to trust the Government in what they say and listen when they speak and believe that it's based on our welfare. And at the moment I feel that the communication is a bit confusing.
Fiona Bruce[0:08:16] Suresh you asked the question.
Audience Speaker[0:08:20] Thank you for letting me respond, I completely agree with what Theo said. I do think that the lockdown being implemented when it was implemented was the correct time. But I think now the indirect effect of the lockdown, nobody can quantify, you can't quantify the massive impact to people's mental health. They have been away from education for six months. People are missing cancer appointments. Cancer is a potent disease. So who -- I think the lockdown should be eased as quickly as possible in a safe way and people are now aware of the risks, so they can choose to accept those, and I think the economy does need to get moving as well as other issues too. So I do welcome the lockdown being eased slowly.Fiona Bruce [0:09:04] So, George, the question was, is it time to allow people to make their own decisions about how they approach this pandemic?
George Mpanga [0:09:12] Thanks for the question. I think people making their own decisions is contingent on them having reliable information, and unfortunately I don't get that from this Government. I don't feel like we're having consistent clear messaging. When the lockdown was initially imposed, it was very unclear, the details of that lockdown. As these measures have been eased, we have been told to factor in the R number, or the -- we make arbitrary decisions about what's appropriate behaviour where most of us can't really figure out what even the threshold for achieving what the Government was once describing as herd immunity would be. So, I take Steve's point about the British public not being stupid, but we really need clear and consistent messaging.Fiona Bruce[0:07:26] Kofie.
Kofie[0:07:28] I am a BAME man. I also live with a vulnerable person, who happens, like myself, to be became and we have seen a lot covered on the news about how the became community in particular are very vulnerable. And when we look at the countries who have looked at lockdown, we have seen that there have been some spikes in the virus. Now, obviously the Government, they are dealing with two priorities. So one is to protect lives and the other is to protect the economy. So, I am just wondering if we're doing both like what sort of plan is the Government going to come up with to make sure that two and two don't sort of come together here and that we are also ensuring that those who are particularly vulnerable and those of the BAME community in particular will be protected while lifting these restrictions.Fiona Bruce[0:04:26] Steve, making decisions about how they want to approach a situation, is that what we have seen in Bournemouth today where a major incident was declared because so many people descended onto the beach?Steve Barclay[0:04:40] Obviously what we have seen is very disappointing today. As Theo said, the lockdown only works with the consent of the people, we have to trust the vast majority of people complied with the lockdown because they saw the advice from the chief medical centre, the advice from the chief scientific officer, they saw what was happening in our countries and recognised we needed to protect the NHS and take the lockdown as Theo says to save lives. That is the measures that we're taking. But it is a balance in terms of the questioner says is concerned as to the lockdown being too much, others like Jess feel it was insufficient. So we have got to trust the common sense of the British public.Kirsty[0:06:56] In Brighton today already the beaches were incredibly crowded and I feel that like if we reduce lockdown any more things like that are going to happen. We had tonnes of people coming down to Brighton and I can't do anything. I don't look ill, so when I'm out and about and I have started, just starting to go out into the society, people don't know I'm ill so people can -- my health is relying on other people's actions and that's quite scary, because I feel very out of control of my own situation.Fiona Bruce[0:10:08] Iona.Iona Bain[0:10:10] Well, I think that Suresh has quite rightly brought up the concerns about the economy, but also about people's mental and physical health during this time and obviously lockdown across the whole country is not sustainable, and therefore we have to find a way, as Theo has said, of living with the virus and having some distance from the virus and making sure we can do that safely until we find a vaccine or an effective treatment. And I also completely understand Kirsty and Kofie's concerns about coming back out into the society if they don't feel that it is absolutely 100% safe yet to be back out there and these are the two competing concerns that we're having to consider right now, and there are no easy choices to make. But when we look at what happened in Bournemouth today, I think we need to appeal to people's sense of responsibility, and I think most people have complied remarkably well with the lockdown, especially young people.Iona Bain[0:11:04] I think this next generation coming through have really defined this snowflake stereotype that's been applied to them too many times, and have actually shown themselves to be very compassionate, responsible and stoic and I'm sure we can appeal to their sense of responsibility and say, look, try and have some good judgement about situations like going to the beach, if you think it's too crowded, try and stay away because it would be so devastating for us to have to go back into a second lockdown both financially and for our health.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:38] Lots of you have got your hands up in our virtual audience, Hanna.Steve Barclay[0:06:08] What we have said is, people need to exercise common sense, observe 2 metres where they can, but there are circumstances and I'm sure we'll come on to them from a business prospective, where there are pressures, impacting people on their jobs, losing jobs and livelihoods. And that has health consequences, based on a macro level, but also in terms of pressures such as our mental health. So there is balance to be struck. On the whole, the British public have responded extremely well in observing the lockdown but it's right now that we restart the economy.
Kirsty[0:06:42] So as someone from the shielding category, I have got kidney failure so I have been pretty much in isolation for three months. The idea of releasing just completing sort of releasing lockdown terrifies me, to be honest.Fiona Bruce[0:13:02] Daniel.Daniel[0:13:04] I wanted to make a comment about the lockdown. So I live with -- both my parents are in that vulnerable high risk category so I have been in lockdown for over four months now, because instead of following what the Government advice was I decided that it was probably safer for us to lockdown earlier, because if you look at when we locked down compared with every other country in Europe, including Germany, we came out later. So I just want to ask the Government if they think that the advice has either been clear or sensible? Because, the number of people I know that have died from the virus, it's over ten now. So... I don't feel like I have been able to put my full faith in the Government in looking after my parents.Fiona Bruce[0:13:46] Gosh, ten people, Daniel, you know ten people who have died.
Daniel[0:13:50] I have got one friend, his uncle and father died within a month period.
Fiona Bruce[0:13:56] I am so so sorry to hear that. I mean, Steve, this is -- it's interesting, isn't it, because we have a panel here of people under 30. And you are not all necessarily saying the same thing but it's interesting how many of you are saying caution, you know, let's not rush into this, people are vulnerable, you yourselves perhaps are vulnerable because you have underlying illnesses or you live with people who have them. And you have had George and a number of people there talking about they don't feel they are getting clear messaging.Fiona Bruce [0:12:26] Emma.
Emma [0:12:28] I echo what Hanna just said, in that, you know,my family are all pretty much NHS workers, so although you might be taking a risk yourself, if you get ill you end up in hospital as putting people like that at risk as well. And George also mentioned about, you know, having clear messaging and, you know, people using that to make decisions. Well, the daily briefings are so, I mean I am in Scotland, we're lucky where we have, we still have some visibility of what's going on, but we still have some visibility of what's going on, but in England, as far as I am aware, it's almost like it's back to business as usual.George Mpanga[0:16:06] Even as late as April, I think the Government was denying that there was a significant risk to care facilities and by mid-May 40% of Covid-related deaths had come from care homes. So, I think it would go a long way if your Government began to show a little bit of contrition and acknowledgment of the mistakes that have been made in the handling of this crisis up to this point, as opposed to the nit-picking and the point-arguing that we have seen on Twitter, very strangely, from this Government in particular.
Jess Phillips[0:16:46] I mean, I agree with lots of that, and part of the problem with the communication that I certainly have found as a constituency PM, let alone a citizen with children out of school, is that the Government would stand in front us and say things like we have put a protective ring around care homes, and I felt at times like I was going mad, because I was talking to my care homes and hearing the reality on the ground.Steve Barclay [0:19:58] The key challenge before us is jobs. If you look at what happened going into the pandemic, we had halved the rate of unemployment amongst the young. But the young tend to be the first to feel the impacts of a recession, which is why, if you look at the figures now for the 18 to 24s, they are 10% of the working age population with 18% of welfare claimants. So they tend to feel hardest first, and are often in the sectors like hospitality, tourism, where the impacts are greater. So the strategy has been first to protect as many jobs as possible. That's why we have had the furlough scheme, which has protected over 9 million jobs. So a significant cost of over 22 billion pounds. The self-employment scheme which has protected again around 2 and a half million jobs, at a cost of 7 and a half billion, while we supported 850,000 businesses through the grants scheme, investing 10 billion pound into that. So there's been very significant measures alongside all the things we have done on cash flow to support businesses.Iona Bain[0:22:52] The apprenticeships have gone more to those from privileged background and we see within the rules that actually the apprenticeship levy can be used to send managers on courses to get MBAs. I don't think that's what the apprenci levy was meant for. It's meant to help young it's not necessarily even about spending more money, although there could be a case for more target funding. Ity about spending the money Westminster and making labour market.Fiona Bruce[0:23:20] Katie.Katie[0:23:22] Hi. I work in hospitality, furloughed and have been since the middle of March. I am lucky, as in I'm 26 so I have done hospitality for quite some number of years, so I have already got experience behind me so if somebody was more likely to keep me on rather than somebody who is kind of 17, 18 and it's their part-time job while they are studying. I kind of -- I don't necessarily disagree with Imran, I can see the point he is making, but I also think that, for a while, university degrees have been advertised as the way to go, and studying -- like, I studied music at university, I know people that have studied maths and things like that.Iona Bain[0:21:46] If I could jump in here because I think Stephen is absolutely correct to say that young people's jobs right now need to be right at the top of the priority list. 
Because we know that young people are the most likely to have been furloughed, to have had their wages and hours cut as a result of this crisis, and to have lost their jobs altogether, and they are also the most likely to be working in the industries that have been hardest hit by lockdown, like retail, tourism and hospitality, and there are predictions that there could be youth unemployment rising by 600,000 this year because people who are leaving education this year are coming into a really tough jobs market, the toughest that we have ever seen. 
So we need specific measures, and I have to say, listening to Steve there, I'm surprised he didn't mention more about apprenticeships and the apprenticeship levy, and the fact that it has not been a success. 
Since it was introduced in 2017, it was meant to get more young people, particularly from disadvantaged backgrounds, into apprenticeships to give them better life chances.
What we have seen is that participation rates among those from more disadvantaged backgrounds has fallen by a third.Fiona Bruce[0:26:06] I'll come back to you. Theo, if we are going to talk about self-employment. Obviously you were an entrepreneur from the get go. But you know from Niamh there, I mean there is a whole swathe of prospects going to be? We are facing possibly the worst recession since the second world war, if not further back than that. It looks pretty bleak.
Theo Paphitis[0:26:30] I couldn't put it better myself. It's going to be tough. Unemployment is going to rise. The job market is going to be incredibly difficult. Youngsters are going to phase a tsunami of job losses, and this is one of the few times I'm going to say this, because I have always believed in a very free economy and non-discrimination, but we need to start looking at some positive discrimination where we can actually address the issues of people of a certain age with support to employers to make sure we encourage that. I think we need to really understand that --Hanna[0:11:42] I think what Suresh said about people accepting the risk is not the full story, you accept the risk for yourself by breaking lockdown, by wishing that lockdown was over sooner. But you don't accept the risk for people like key workers who don't have a choice, they have to leave the house. For example, my dad was 55. He was a key worker and he passed away from Coronavirus.
Fiona Bruce[0:12:06] Hanna, I am sorry to hear that. Hanna: When you say that people can make their own choice and accept the risk, you also accept the risk for the people that you will infect.
Fiona Bruce[0:12:16] Of course, that's the different thing about this pandemic, isn't it? It's not necessarily just the risk you take on yourself, it's how you affect other people as well.Fiona Bruce[0:27:08] You mean encourage young people in and older people out?
Theo Paphitis[0:27:14] No, no, not at all. Bad news. My first job, I left school at 16. Very little qualifications, dyslexic, sent a hundred applications out and got, like, a hundred rejections. Mind you, my applications wouldn't have been good reading with my spelling. But actually the only reason I got a job, my first job, was because at the time the Government were giving allowances to businesses. I think it was about 15 hundred quid a year, it was a lot of money, to take on somebody of a certain age who hadn't had a job before. And that -- so they took me on when they were not sure they should be spending 1,500 quid, but the fact was, it was subsidised and that gave me my first job and opportunity and then I could move on from there. We need initiatives like that that are going to -- because the measures that the Chancellor has put in, but it was required. It had to be done very quickly, and I am afraid some people went through the net.Fiona Bruce [0:37:56] Theo? 
Theo Paphitis [0:38:02] There is no question in my mind, as part of the reinvestment to get the economy going and get us out of this mess that we're undoubtedly going to get into, is a massive investment in social housing and we must start a massive programme of building and get -- and boost the economy. There is a massive shortage, so it's not rocket science. There is a massive shortage. We need to get people back at work. We need to invest where people need it. So social housing is the obvious place for us to go straight into, like, now, not requiring any more reports, just get on with it. 
Hanna [0:38:40] I completely agree that we need more social housing. People who live in social housing in cramped conditions, because there are no social housing for them, and other under prejudiced people died disproportionately from Covid-19 compared to their more privileged peers.George Mpanga [0:33:50] I really want to commend the Treasury for stepping in and providing so much support under the furlough arrangements. You mentioned that the idea of a commission for young people being kind of, talk about it more. But I think there is something more to be said about focusing on the opportunities and the challenges that will be faced by this generation and getting some significant indication of Government commitment to this issue. There are a number of issues, especially when we talk about housing, is a common concern across this generation in which the Government has made a lot of the right noises and talked about commitments that it's going to make, not necessarily this Government, but this generation of Conservative Government. And we retroactively find out that what's been happening behind the scenes, when there are no eyes on the process, is -- flies in the face of the sound that you have been making, specifically what prompted me to say that was the recent revelations about the Robert Genrik situation, the Housing Minister that's come under fire for signing off on a development, a billion-pound development that looks to undermine the provision of social housing in the community that this thing is planned in. So, I guess, as a generation, we sometimes question the sincerity with which you engage the challenges of our age group and vulnerable communities.Niamh[0:25:16] Steve reeled off all these stats about young people and where they work, in hospitality, so that really worries me because you know, these things but there wasn't a pandemic before, so young people are suddenly on your radar?
Fiona Bruce[0:25:34] Kirsty.
Kirsty[0:25:34] I was just worning, this is kind of aimed at Steve, because I feel like particularly it's been raised by the pandemic, there is more opportunities for people to work on-line, and with everything going on at the moment, I feel like self employment should actually be encouraged and I don't feel like the conservative Government are actually encouraging people andity particularly /KRUPBG err of -- I get off my own back and do a lot of things and I feel like we should be encouraging self-employment and small businesses more.Holly[0:39:02] This seems like a typical Conservative: The rich get richer and the poor get poorer. This shouldn't be something that is secondly thought about. These are people who require houses. This is one of the number-one priorities, and unfortunately with Covid, it's just gotten worse. So, stop promising us X, Y and Z and actually deliver housing.
Suresh[0:39:32] I welcome the demand being put on the Government in terms of investment in the youth and social housing and things such as that but I come to the point that I made at the beginning, and I agree with Theo, to do and fulfil those demands what we need to be doing is making sure the economy is restarted in a proportionate and a sensible way. I think there's been a lot of unfair criticism to the Government on -- by some of the panelists here and some of the other viewers. I think they should be applauded for the furlough scheme they have done. This is an unprecedented situation. The only way they can invest more is if they can get the economy going.Jess Phillips[0:36:34] The Government only in 2018 allowed councils to borrow money to build social housing, which they had stopped in 2012, so, for that entire period, they had stopped councils being able to borrow money in order to build council housing, and it was only lifted a couple of years ago, and I have absolutely no idea why, other than it seems that what that does is give the whip hand to rich developers to be the only people in the market for house-building, and we can see from the Robert Genrik affair how powerful they actually are, sending chummy text messages talking about not giving money or dough, I believe was the term that was used, to the Marxists in Tower Hamlets, which of course means the children and the adults who would have used the hospitals and schools that that money would have gone to. So, yes, they absolutely need to be doing more. We all need to be doing more. I am sure that the minister on the panel will say we have done much more than the Labour Party ever did. It's a stock standard line. And, yes, do you know what? The Labour Party should have built more houses and so should this Government build considerably more houses that people can actually afford to live in.Theo Paphitis[0:28:12] Now, we need to focus a lot more and deal with category by category, industry by industry, age by age, requirement by requirement, it's hard work and you can't just make -- no disrespect to our politicians, Steve -- but the fact is, you know, the present Government do like to make big announcements for PR purposes. And we just need to do the graft and the work first and actually accept that sometimes it's going to be difficult, and sometimes you are going to say things that are not popular but you just want to be respected, not liked all the time, we must stop this wanting to be liked by the public. Let's get honest with them, tell them how it's going to be, and actually then address difficult issues that are going to be difficult, but if you show you're working at it, people will work with you on it.

George Mpanga[0:29:04] I express support for much of what Theo just said and much of what the panel has said. I do think self-employment, entrepreneurship, is going to be necessary moving forward as so much of our industry transforms. We're dealing with a new society. We go through it every time. We see someone, we think we're going to shake hands or embrace, we don't do these things any more, there is so much that we don't do any more. Look at the shape of this show. Now is the time for us to get creative about how we, as the incoming generation into the workforce, are going to reshape the economyFiona Bruce[0:49:10] Okay. Hands up amongst our audience. Kofie.
Kofie[0:49:16] Just in relation to that question about what changes should be kept. I particularly am interested to know with the whole new regime of wearing masks going on public transport, going forward in the long term would that be maintained? And also, will shops and stores, any of them, public gatherings, adopt a policy where we have to wear a mask if we want to be in the shop and will there always be, particularly in gyms, like a restricted number of people who can enter the gym at a time?
Fiona Bruce[0:49:50] Is that something you want to see then permanent, you know, a permanence to face coverings, that sort of thing?
Kofie[0:50:02] Yeah, in particular spaces, probably like maybe shops and gyms and even public transport. Because when you are coming in contact with so many people like that, then we are still -- this virus, there is still a lot we don't know about it and the rates of transmission. I think it's important that we still have that protection and maintain the policy, as we said like this is a new normal.Fiona Bruce[0:29:42] I'm going to come -- but, Jess.
Jess Phillips[0:29:46] I think -- I mean, I agree almost entirely with what Theo said, in that the Government needs to act now to stimulate the jobs for younger people going forward. They are going to be a lost generation, and, let's face it, the young people today, people who are under 30 today have pretty much lived their entire economic lives since the 2008 downturn and they have had to tighten their belts and have lost out on things that were there certainly when I was younger. And the reality is that the Government needs to announce, already have announced what it's going to do to help businesses, get young people into training, into schemes, like Theo says, there can be different sectors, there can be different standards and it needs to be responsive to what is actually happening out there, because, without it, we're just going to end up with a generation lost. And even in the announcements last week with regard to the tutoring that school children will now get, very welcome announcement, but an hour before the announcement was made, those aged 16 to 18 were taken out of it, and these are the people who are -- we are going to need to help, who have already lost all their youth services, had their schools cut for the entire time that they might have been there.Fiona Bruce[0:35:30] Well, I know you want to come back on this. We actually have a question that addresses this point from Luke McCroy Jones.Luke McCroy-Jones[0:35:36] So given the Covid-19 pandemic has disproportionately affected groups including the young, how should a Government /SHRU there is more support for luxury developments?Fiona Bruce[0:35:52] I assume you are referring to the Housing and Local Community Secretary, Robert Genrik, who has also been on the front page of the papers for a few days now, about this development in Tower Hamlets in London, which is now being reviewed, financed by Richard Desmond and his company? The question is about should the Government be doing more to support social and affordable housing. Jess?Jess Phillips[0:36:18] Well, yes. Every government that has existed since probably, I'd say probably the 1970s should have done more to build social housing and to ensure that any stock that was lost for the sale of social housing was replaced at at least an equal value.Iona Bain[0:52:36] Well, I do agree that working from home is more civilised and enlightened where possible. But I think we should also bear in mind that actually, young people do need hands-on training, mentoring in the workplace and you can't bring on all your interpersonal skills through zoom. I am mentoring a young person in the financial industry at the moment and she is shy and she says it's really difficult for her to become more confident just by talking to her colleagues on-line. So I think that working from home has been a luxury that older people have been able to enjoy because they have had a lot of access to outdoor space perhaps, and they have had better facilities. But younger people have been cooped up typically in rented accommodation with flatmates they don't know that well. I think that's a change we have to maybe balance. But also in the future we are going to have to reassess how we spend our money. Perhaps prior to this we had a very buoyant consumer economy, and obviously we want that to come back, but at the same time, individuals are looking at what they spent their money on and they are asking, does this align with my values? Did I actually need to be buying that many clothes when I know what damage it does to the environment, for instance? There are certain things that I certainly do want to come back, because I don't want to keep seeing all my arts and culture on YouTube and zoom. We have to rescue the arts industry in the UK and we won't know what we have got till it's gone.Fiona Bruce[0:40:10] Iona?Iona Bain[0:40:12] Well, the housing crisis in the UK is extraordinarily complicated. As Jess said, it's one that we have had for decades, successive governments really failed to tackle comprehensively. When you look at the specific case of Robert Genrik, I don't want to comment on the details of the case, but what I do want to say is that, in this country, the new-build housing industry needs to be held to account for building homes that are overpriced to shoddy standards and, in the last week, we have seen a young couple in less centre banner from the front of their house saying buying this decision we ever made. Come and ask us why. And obviously their developer wasn't particularly happy about that, tried to have it stopped. But that was their experience and unfortunately it's all too common. have is radical reform. To be fair we hear a lot of are going to kick the planning laws into touch, which is exactly what we need. We need to have reform of land values. So, when developers buy up land, they owning that land. None of it is shared with the what we need is to share those profits with the community so that they can be invested pack into the social and affordable housing and local infrastructure. To be fair, the community infrastructure levy was supposed to do that. However, all too often it tends to be negotiated away by powerful developers and councils cave in because they just want to get more houses built in the local area come what may. So that's not been working and I think that's been around longer than the current conservative generation of politicians.Jess Phillips[0:47:32] I mean, there is some things I have quite enjoyed about it. I liked being at home a bit more. So maybe we could move Worcestshire to Birmingham post-Corona, that would be good.
Fiona Bruce[0:47:42] Good luck with that --
Jess Phillips[0:47:46] I think there's been a couple of things actually that we should keep and I think that there will be an element of creativity that comes out of this in tech sectors and how we have flexibility in our lives a bit more. So I have, for many many years, been campaigning for flexibility day one, largely for working mothers, although it would account for all working parents. And we have always been told no, you couldn't work at home, you wouldn't be getting enough done. And we have learnt that that is different now. We have learnt that we can be at productive when we are at home, if not more productive. But I also think from the prospective of somebody who cares very deeply about domestic violence and vulnerable people in their home, that for the first time people have woken up to the idea of what it would be like to be controlled and to be a prisoner in your own home. And I have seen a massive outpouring of support and care about that particular issue as well as a real love and support for some of our key workers, people that we can't actually live without. It didn't turn out to be the people who maybe were getting paid the most. It turned out to be low-paid key workers, often migrant workers. And I think that there is a kindness in the community that's been born.Fiona Bruce[0:46:12] You have got quite a job on your hands, you have got over a million households who are on the social housing waiting list and in '2018/19 in England for example, 38 thousand new social housing units were built. That's a heck of a discrepancy.Steve Barclay[0:46:26] That's why we have strengthened the safety net. One of the measures that we took at the budget was to change the rent that's covered to 30% to support people in terms of the cost of rent. We have taken measures specifically about the challenges of people paying. Ultimately this is about the supply and the demand issue. The key thing we need to do is build more homes. We're committed to funding that but we also need to make the planning system more friendly to delivering on that, and we also need to look at the skills. It comes back to the earlier point. You know, skills for young people who we need to find employment for, the construction industry is a key part of that, the infrastructure we're committing, and that's how we bounce back from the pandemic that we have faced.Emma Stephenson[0:47:14] What changes we have made in society in response to Coronavirus should be kept once restrictions are lifted?Fiona Bruce[0:47:22] What changes should we keep? Right. Who wants to kick us off -- Jess, you are sort of smiling and nodding. Have you got one in mind?Fiona Bruce[0:44:54] Steve?
Steve Barclay[0:44:56] Well, we need to build build build. I think immediately that means getting construction sites up and running. We have been supporting the construction industry through the managers we have taken. Planning is still an impediment to the pace at which we want to move. So we are planning to look at that in legislation and see what we can do to speed that up.
Fiona Bruce[0:45:16] We are doing significantly more already and we have made very big investments into that in the budget as well. But I think it's also, looking about how we build better. Because one of the things I am very pass net about is modern moths of construction, looking about how we build, where we assemble on site change the energy usage is much lower. So we can build has committed significant funds to this. In response to Granfel Tower, in particular, we committed in the /PWUPLGT additional funding to that as well. Some of those schemes have been slowed down because of Covid and the difficulty of actually doing work on that. I was talking about one of Jess's colleagues labour MP about that just yesterday. But we have committed funding to that. We are committed to build and one of the key things we can do now is get construction up and running so that industry can bounce back as quickly as possible.Fiona Bruce[0:55:30] Taking your Government hat off for a minute, on a personal level, what would you keep?
Steve Barclay[0:55:34] As someone with two children under ten, I think actually seeing more of the family at home working, I think all of us in apartment spend a lot of time away from home. So I think actually that aspect is something that I have really enjoyed and I think of us, the flexibility around that would be great to
Fiona Bruce[0:55:54] On an entirely frivolous note I have to say the one thing I can look forward to is not having to queue at the bar in the pub or -- because if you can sit at the table and summon someone to bring you a drink I think it will be marvellous. We have got a couple of hands. Just very quickly, Niamh.
Niamh[0:56:10] I think one thing that would be really poor to come out during this time, women in abusive homes and members of the LGBTQ community and unsafe housing and mental health issues and one thing to really keep I think is the appreciation of key workers and essential workers. Health workers in particular. And I hope that's something that people won't forget about and I hope we won't get back to the point where we're clapping when we're giving nursing -- when we're denying nurses pay rises. Instead, we're clapping in appreciation.
Holly[0:56:46] I absolutely agree with George. I think we could keep kind of kindness and appreciation for our frontline team, as I have said before. But also, why don't we, as a nation, be a little bit less materialistic? I don't think a lot of people have wanted to go on fancy holidays or drive fancy cars. You have probably just wanted to cuddle a loved one. So I think we need to keep those values in our society.Fiona Bruce[0:50:26] Okay. Ben?Ben[0:50:28] I agree with what Jess was saying about job flexibility. I think in the future we're going to see a lot more people working from home. Especially speaking personally as a chemist, I work in a lab everyday of the week but my company has introduced a policy of working in the lab now on alternate weeks and then working from home on other weeks. And that's been working really well and I think we're going to be seeing that going forward. I think another thing hopefully to see in the future as well is just better hygiene even across the board. I think this pandemic has increased everybody's awareness of hygiene even and good hygiene even practices so I think that would be a thing in the future with hand sanitise errand wearing face mask.Fiona Bruce[0:51:12] What changes would you like to see? I have got to tell you we will never be the same again. Technology has been changing our lives over years and years and years now. But over the last three months, I think technology has been accelerated by at least five years in the way we have adopted it and we're using it. For me, I can't see myself having offices with that many people in ever again. I mean, the first thing we're going to be doing, after speaking to our colleagues, is cutting down the number of days of people coming to the offices, which means we will need less space, people will be able to balance their lives a lot better, and technology has done that. Retail will be very different as well. People have adopted on-line a lot faster than they would have done. So we are going to see a lot more pressure on our high street stores, and that's again something the Government have got to do something about, and then the rates, deferral holiday was brilliant. Get rid of it! Don't bring it back. It don't make sense. It's a tax from the 1500s. Life moved on. The Inernet did not exist in the 1500s. So get rid it have. It needs work for you to work out for something else to bring the taxation back into the Treasury which you need to give us our services but you'll have to do the work. Get rid of it. It's not practical. It's destroying the fabric of our society. So lots of things will have to change.Unknown Speaker[0:01:16] I welcome the easing of lockdown so people can move on with their lives. Lives is all about risks and we've been under the complete control of the State since March 21st, is it not time to allow people who are aware of the risks now to make decisions about how they want to approach this situation. Given we live in a free, liberal society?Fiona Bruce[0:01:38] Theo.Theo Paphitis[0:01:46] I think they were trying to keep us safe. I don't think any one of us wants to be kept locked up but the reality is if we hadn't had the lockdown, many of us.wouldn't be here today, especially oldies like me. I think we have had to endure that, and we have to come out of this sooner rather than later, I totally agree because otherwise we are going to have a lot of unintended consequences, that's things that will be a lot worse than possibly, you know, some minor out breaks of the actual virus. So. It's important we come out now. It's important that we adopt the new normal, because, it is a new normal.Theo Paphitis[0:02:24] We will never be back to normal until we get one or two things: A vaccine or a successful treatment. When we have got those two things, we can get back to normal. Until then, we will be under control one way or another, and we better stick to it. Otherwise we will be on total be lockdown.Fiona Bruce[0:02:42] We stay stick to it. Jess Phillips, the rules are pretty complex now and they are different in different parts of the UK. Is it not time to allow people to make decisions about how they want to approach the situation?Jess Phillips[0:02:56] Look, I mean that's ultimately what we want for everybody, we want everybody to feel free and be able to go around and do how they would have done prior to lockdown. But, I mean, where I live, lots and lots of people have died and all over the country that is the case, but in areas like the one I represent, which has large proportions of poorer communities and BMA communities, we have seen terrible rates of deaths and so, as Theo said, these controls were to try and keep us safe.Steve Barclay[0:05:18] We can't legislate for every single scenario. The vast majority of the British public -- there will always be exceptions but the vast majority of the British public have exercised common sense, have worked to protect the NHS, have made huge sacrifices but it's right now that we restart the economy, because there is consequences to that as well. [DONE]
Fiona Bruce[0:05:42] Do you think it was inevitable in some way that we would see a scene like we did at Bournemouth today when you have the Prime Minister, just two days when he was asked by a Brighton MP about how seaside towns should respond, he said I'll be calling on local representatives to show some guts to allow people to return to and support. Do you think that's helpful, given what we have seen today.Steve Barclay[0:14:26] You hear from
the personal loss and tragedy of that why the lockdown was necessary, to get
the infection down, which it's done, to equity were the to ensure that we met
the five tests we set.



Fiona Bruce[0:14:36] What about what they are saying the messaging not being
clear?



Steve Barclay[0:14:38] Just to answer George when he said the lockdown wasn't
clear. Quite the opposite if you look at the stay at home message for
example, they sage add advice was up to 20% continuing to go to school. It
actually the lockdown was highly effective. The question is how do you
then balance -- one of the comment was we're now lifting it in its entirety.
We're not. It's in a staged way. So there is still theatres, gyms,
areas where people are saying we're not lifting the lockdown quickly enough
because they want to get to work, they are worried about their livelihood.
 So it's a balance. But the messaging was very clear --Fiona Bruce[0:15:14] Do you think it's clear now?Steve Barclay[0:15:16] That's enabled us to get the infection rate down in the way that we have.George Mpanga[0:15:22] Just on that point. Let me just clarify what I was trying to say. It's not that the idea of lockdown wasn't clear when it was established. It's that, first of all, the leader of your Government missed five Cobra meetings -- advice from top scientists was ignored for a while, as the point was made from the panel, we were the last of the rich countries definitely to enact a lockdown in our geographic neighbourhood, and there has been reports from very credible people in the medical community that, say, if action was taken even two weeks later, there would be a significant dent in the number of dead from Covid-related deaths.Jess Phillips[0:17:12] And, you know, I think that the idea that we need complete honesty and complete trust, and it's hard to trust politicians at the best of times, I get that, but at the moment, we need real trust and honesty in our politics, because that is the only way that any consent of either the lifting of lockdown, or if we have to go back into it or as we have seen when we had to go into it, it's going to work, and it has just felt a bit confused, it has felt sometimes like there was one rule for one and one rule for another in the very very famous case now, and it's not -- we are just asking for honesty, I think, as citizens, and certainly as the opposition, I want the Government to do well. But I do have to feel that I can trust that they are telling the truth.Fiona Bruce[0:18:00] Let's take another question now from Imran Anwoir.
Imran Anwoir[0:18:08] Hi. With youth unemployment on the rise and the worries over further negative impacts on our economy and recovery and as a recent graduate as of December 2019, what assurances do I have as a young person entering the professional world of work that there will be enough opportunity available for me?
Fiona Bruce[0:18:28] What's your situation, Imran?
Imran Anwoir[0:18:32] So, I had a job offer in the industry, which I was -- which is what I graduated in, but it was revoked because of lockdown. And, you know, they said that because of their financials for the rest of the year and the worry around Coronavirus, they weren't really sure if they could keep my new employment. So, I'm just a little bit concerned about if there is enough, you know -- young people already don't have enough opportunity as it is in the professional space, so, I'm just worried about what plan the Government has to sort of bring that opportunity up first.Fiona Bruce[0:19:14] You had a job, which is now gone. Are you working at all at the moment?
Imran Anwoir[0:19:18] Yeah, so I am currently working in food supply, it was my part time supply at university and luckily I didn't hand in my notice so I can still work there.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:30] What? A supermarket or something like that?
Imran Anwoir[0:19:32] Yeah, yeah.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:34] Just out of interest, hands up of our audience, how many of you are either out of work or have been furloughed? Right. Okay. What's going to happen to young people, Steve? Boris Johnson talked about they should all have apprenticeships. A lot of people seem to be taken by surprise. Is that going to happen?Steve Barclay[0:20:58] Moving forward, you are right, you go from the protect phase onto the next phase which is how do we we restart the economy? What are the jobs we can move to from those areas of the economy where jobs are being lost, so greening the economy, looking at the challenges, the safer by 2050.
Fiona Bruce[0:21:18] Just very specifically, what about, Boris Johnson has said apprenticeships for young people. When might that be?
Steve Barclay[0:21:26] So the Chancellor will give a statement in July which will be all about the next phase, talking about how we green the economy, how we respond with the infrastructure projects, because jobs, and jobs particularly for young people, is one of the key challenges before us, and that's very much what we are focussed on within the Treasury at the moment.Katie[0:24:10] I think younger people don't necessarily have the opportunity to go into something like a trade, which is probably more valuable. I do think there is a community of people who want to be influencers and YouTubers and things like that. I'm not saying that's everyone. Obviously everyone is different, but I do feel like that is where people would probably find more work if they were interested in more like a trade rather than being an influencer.Fiona Bruce[0:24:38] Niamh.Niamh[0:24:38] Hi. I think I dread to think what it's going to be like. I graduated last September and I have been in between waiting to start my masters and saving money for that, and it was already next to impossible for me to find a job this year. So, with the pandemic and with Brexit, I dread to think what it's going to be like for those graduating this year. For me, the jobs that I did find were minimum wage, they didn't cover your living expenses, you had to top that up with benefits. There is unpaid internships, nothing is paid. They are given disproportionately to 018 / 33 privileged people.Jess Phillips[0:31:08] Now is the time to step up. Like, Germany has already announced stimulus packages, and say: What are we going to do to create jobs and training and encourage businesses to take these people on? Because these are our children.

Fiona Bruce[0:31:24] Suresh.

Iona Bain[0:31:26] Sorry, if I could just say, yes, I would say that Jess is absolutely right to say that colleges that help 16 to 19 year olds should be included in the Covid catchup fund. And that actually, spending that little bit more time in education could make all the difference. So, if we had targeted funding for booster courses, that just allowed young people to build up their skills, both hard and soft, before they go into the labour market, that could make all the difference between them being employable and attractive worker and being on the job scrap-heap. But I also think that this issue is too important to descend into party politics, and we have been hearing a long time about need for a commission on social care because, understandably, that's going to be extremely important to address after this crisis, but I wonder whether we also need a commission on young people's opportunities and jobs, for the parties to work together and to agree that this should be a priority and debate the details by all means, but for us to try and transcend that party politics and come together.Fiona Bruce[0:32:28] So, Steve, lots of ideas being thrown in your direction. Targeted jobs for young people, Iona talking about a commission, more emphasis on entrepreneurship.
Steve Barclay[0:32:40] What I can reassure Theo, there is no shortage of graft in the Treasury. If you look at the schemes that are put in place at speed like the furlough, the grants and so forth, have covered a lot to protect jobs, but I absolutely agree, then the next phase to that is how then for those jobs we're not able to protect, and the Chancellor has been very candid; we can't protect every job. There will be changes and, as the questioner picked up, there are changes in the way people are working, the use of on-line. If you look at GPs, only 3% were using on-line, GP surgeries before the pandemic. Now, it's up to 9%, so pretty much all. So there are changes to how people are operating on-line. That will change the work place and we're in very active discussions with employers, particularly small and medium employers, to see what schemes we can put in place to support them. But the first priority was protect as many jobs as possible. Over 9 million have been through the furlough scheme, but we then need to look at the next phase, which is how, particularly on things like apprenticeships, we get the right skills working with the National Citizens Service as well, get the right careers advice, skills, the right training for people moving forward.Fiona Bruce [0:41:58] I mean, George, obviously you have talked about the Robert Genrik situation already, but in terms of social housing overall?
George Mpanga [0:42:08] For a while, as has been alluded to, the stock of social housing has been slipping into the private sector. A lot of times it's in negotiations that the community have not been privy to. Yes, in 2018, the Government did mandate that, for developments above a certain number, communities need to be consulted. That is a welcome change. But there is something more pernicious that has been happening in the reduction of the social housing stock for a while.
Fiona Bruce [0:42:36] Quite of few of you have hands up. Katie?
Katie [0:42:40] Hi. I happen to live in an area of Worcestshire that has quite a lot of green belt. Whilst we do need a lot more houses, we need to be environmental about it. There is a lot of houses that are run down and there is buildings that we could knock down and rebuild where they are and make them, obviously, I think, as Iona was saying, better than the new-builds that are currently being built. Why on earth are contracts trying to be taken out on green belts which should be protected environmentaly when there are brown belt places and places that should be knocked down and built with better houses, surely would make better use of the space that's there.Audience Speaker[0:43:22] Imran: I also wanted to mention I think that especially in London, rent is far too high for what people are earning, and I think the Government needs to do more in people. Because as a young people, saving for a deposit when I am paying rent in London that's extortionately high and trying to save for a deposit. I think rent regulation is sincerely another point that the Government need to look into.

Luke McCroy-Jones[0:43:50] I think another important consideration here of course is that the same city that the development, the billion pound development was approved in was the same city that three years ago had the Grenfell Tower tragedy and still there are blocks in dangerous, so when is the Government actually going to act and protect people in this tower block housing?

George MPanga[0:44:12] Can I just add to that point? I don't know if it's already been covered, but the CIL, that levy --

Fiona Bruce[0:44:20] That's the infrastructure levy, which is paid for by developers and it goes towards the Council for them to use for local services.

George MPanga[0:44:28] That's right. In this Robert Jenrick case, it is said that the decision to green light that one being in development was fast tracked so as to help the developer to avoid I think a 40 million plus payment into the community, that levy would have mandated. I'd also like to make a clarification. I don't think it was the Government in 2018 decided community should be consulted. I think it was actually the Mayor.Fiona Bruce[0:54:08] What will we keep? What would you keep if you are going to pick one thing?
George Mpanga[0:54:14] I would keep the -- I would say upswing in general care and etiquette that we have now understanding that we're in a pandemic. Understanding that people have been endangered. I felt that person to person has been a bit more sensitivity and attentiveness in how we check on each other and protect each other, especially from some of the on-line behaviours that might affect our emotional and mental well-being.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:44] Steve?
Steve Barclay[0:54:44] I think we have a lot of good ones. For me, one Government it's the speed which we act across departments. If I look at the programme of getting food parcels to our most vulnerable as part of brought an am in of departments together. Or the way we have been able to support the homeless through this crisis, get people off the streets. We saw the Government acting in a very different way to perhaps the traditional model done by departments and I think there is a lot that comes from a pandemic where people come together with a common cause, act much more quickly. As Theo says in terms of being more data driven around where the technology is being used for the benefit of people. I think there is ways that Government can operate coming out of the pandemic where we can move much more quickly and be more data-driven.Fiona Bruce[00:02:53] Jed?

Jed Mercurio[00:02:54] Well, firstly, I think we all want to pay tribute to Marcus Rashford for the campaign. You know, what a great example this young man is as well as being a fantastic footballer, and I say that as a Manchester United fan, so maybe I’m biased. But what I would also say is that I sometimes despair of hearing things called U‑turns. I think it stops people in positions of authority from listening and changing their minds and responding to the democratic force that got behind Marcus’ campaign. And sometimes I worry that if we use that type of language it sometimes makes it more difficult for governments to do the right thing. And I would definitely say that it’s something that we should all welcome, the fact that the government listened and acted in the way that it has.

Fiona Bruce[00:03:51] And Charlie, you’re a teacher, what was your response?

Charlie Shrimpton[00:03:54] But, Jed, if you use language such as a U-turn…or if you do the right thing in the first place, you will not need to use that language at all. My experience is that I see every day how these vouchers make an impact. And the difference of a child having a meal and coming to school is far greater than not having a meal at all and it gives them the opportunity to be able to flourish, and for that there is no price.Lisa Nandy[00:05:58] And even on the day that we had that vote in the houses of parliament, that Labour had called and the day that the government decided to U-turn, the Prime Minister was at the dispatch box denying the existence of 600,000 children who’ve been pushed into poverty since 2012 and the fact that that is projected to rise.
Now, this is a result of an approach to government that has systematically stripped support away from children over the last decade, so that now schools in my constituency have to employ workers using the pupil premium to go round to children’s houses, stock their cupboards, put money in the gas or electricity meter, and deal with rats and mice because the parents just simply don’t have enough money to make ends meet. So, when James says, let’s get back to normal, I say, let’s get back to a new normal and build a better country based on better values when we come out the other side of this, because children have been last up to now and they’ve been invisible. Let’s make sure that when we rebuild this country, let’s change that and let’s make sure that they come first.Fiona Bruce[00:00:09] And let’s hear our first question tonight, which is from Charlie Shrimpton.
Charlie Shrimpton[00:01:28] What does it tell us about the government’s priorities that they were forced into a U-turn by footballer Marcus Rashford so that the poorest people in the country, and especially children, would be fed over the summer holidays?
Fiona Bruce[00:01:41] So, obviously, talking about the free school meal vouchers for children. James?
James Cleverly[00:01:47] Well, coronavirus has meant that we have had to bring about an unprecedented range of support packages for individuals, for businesses, for the self-employed and indeed for families, and we...
Fiona Bruce[00:02:00] Yes, but you weren’t going to do this until Marcus Rashford said.
James Cleverly[00:02:03] And we had…we’d already supported families to help feed their children during the Easter break. And ultimately, we’re trying to get back to a more normal way of working. And we had hoped that we would not need to put this additional support package in place over the summer, but we do listen, the government did listen; and Marcus put forward a really compelling argument and we did listen and the government decided to extend the existing scheme into the summer holidays. I think it was the right thing to do. And ultimately, what we’re trying to do, as I say, is we’re trying to get back towards normality, because really that’s what everyone wants and that’s what we’re working towards.James Cleverly [00:09:39] Well, it is worth remembering that this is a scheme that we had already put in place, we’re talking about extending an existing scheme. And it’s also worth remembering that the unprecedented circumstances that we find ourselves in has meant that the government have put forward a range of support packages at a scale that we have never seen before in British politics. So, we are absolutely determined to make sure that families can put food on their table and that’s why we’re supported people who are furloughed at the moment. We are working so hard to get through these unbelievably difficult sets of circumstances and, ultimately, we’re trying to balance the competing financial and social pressures. And sometimes when someone shines a light on a particular issue and we look again at it and we make the decision that this is something that we can extend and should extend through the summer... And I’m very very grateful that Marcus did that, I’m very grateful we listened, I’m very grateful that we responded.Fiona Bruce [00:10:52] Okay, let’s take another question from Deborah Norrish.Munira Wilson[00:15:18] But one thing I just would like to add is that a lot of parents feel like they haven’t had a voice in this debate and there’s been this big blame game going on between government and the unions. And the reason why we ended up with a slight change of guidance for primary schools was because there was a lack of engagement and lack of communication between government and schools and unions to understand what was workable.

Fiona Bruce[00:15:38] Okay, so what is the plan, James?

James Cleverly[00:15:40] Well, I’ve got two boys at school; my eldest has just finished and unfortunately wasn’t able to sit his A levels. So I know the huge and understandable desire that parents, teaching professionals, the natural desire they have for certainty and clarity. But of course, this is an evolving situation and…

Fiona Bruce[00:16:07] But we hear talk of a plan possibly to be announced tomorrow of a tutoring system through the summer or a school summer plan, what can you tell us?
Fiona Bruce[00:07:26] Belinda, I was just watching you there, nodding your head along to what Lisa was saying.Belinda[00:07:33]Yes, you know, looking at the root of the question that Charlie asked, in terms of what does it say about the government and, like you say, you know, it took such a high profile footballer for that to happen. If we’re responding to coronavirus, and I admit there’s millions that have been ploughed into this, in order to get to that new normal, how can we trust that the government is going to make those decisions without having the intervention?Fiona Bruce[00:08:10] Munira?Munira Wilson[00:08:12] Well, in 2020 in the United Kingdom no child should be going hungry, and the fact that it’s taken a footballer to help the government to realise that and actually change its policy I think is shameful, frankly. It’s not a new issue, holiday hunger; we know that several billion children suffer from holiday hunger normally, and that’s obviously exacerbated by the crisis that we face.Fiona Bruce[00:08:39] And were the Lib Dems pushing to extend the free school meal vouchers?
Deborah Norrish[00:10:57] Good evening, everyone. Is a delay in learning of six months genuinely devastating to a whole generation, as was suggested by Sir Michael Wilshaw, the former head of…and the Chief Inspector of Schools?
Fiona Bruce[00:11:14] Jed – devastating for a whole generation?
Jed Mercurio[00:11:17] I think the problem with sending kids back to the school, and the delay, is something that we should all be concerned about. I think that the fact is that the time that children spend in school at a vulnerable age is precious time and I think it will be very very hard for them to catch up. So I think that definitely more should’ve been done in terms of planning. I think that there has been a failure of planning to get children back into school. I think that, obviously, the pandemic arrangements have put an enormous strain on the infrastructures in our society. But I also think that if you look at what is required for children to go back to school, it’s not just the fact that children need to go back to school, it’s that society needs those children back into school, because of all the things that surround children being in school – not requiring child care, and so forth. And I really wish that the government had gone about the planning in a more forthright and more detailed way.Fiona Bruce[00:12:32] And Deborah, I’m wondering…you were asking the question and I know you’re a deputy headteacher, the way you phrase it makes me wonder if you think actually it isn’t genuinely devastating…or isn’t devastating for a generation of children?
Deborah Norrish[00:12:43] It’s been absolutely awful. This week we…so, I work in a secondary school in Plymouth and we’ve had our year tens and 12s back for the first time. And first of all, it’s absolutely delightful to see them all, but it’s absolutely horrifying that we can’t provide more, and they’re desperate for it. Attendance this week has been brilliant and, you know, clearly home learning isn’t doing the job for them that we need it to do. We haven’t got clarity yet on, you know, what’s going to happen with their exams next year and the assessment. And as school leaders we are desperate for further guidance about planning for September, and our students are becoming disillusioned at not having it, I think.
Fiona Bruce[00:13:19] Marsha, you have your hand up.Marsha[00:13:22] I’m a parent to year ten and year 12 children and I was wondering whether any consideration is being given to the requests for reducing the curriculum content for the GCSEs and A levels next summer?
Fiona Bruce[00:13:39] Because of all the teaching they’ll’ve missed?
Marsha[00:13:42] Exactly.Fiona 
Bruce[00:13:43] Munira?
Munira Wilson[00:13:45] Well, I think everybody, whether you’re a parent, you’re a teacher, a school governor, everybody is desperate to get children back to school. We know the detrimental impact it’s having on their wellbeing as well as on their educational development, but clearly we’ve got to do that when it’s safe.
Fiona Bruce[00:14:03] And the Lib Dems have put a whole range of suggestions in place that have to happen before children go back to school.
Munira Wilson[00:14:07] That’s right.
Fiona Bruce[00:14:09] So you’re not in any great rush to get them back.Munira Wilson[00:08:41] Yes, we’ve been calling for this for many weeks, and in fact in Wales we have a Liberal Democrat Education Secretary and she had committed to funding school meals through the summer some time ago. So, this is something we’ve been pushing for, and indeed so had the Labour Party and, you know, a number of other opposition parties. So we’re hugely grateful to Marcus Rashford, of whom I’m a huge fan and I wish we were watching him in the Euro 2020 at the moment, but we find ourselves in these circumstances. And, as I say, I’m grateful that he’s forced the government to make this change, and so will many many millions of children across the country be.
Fiona Bruce[00:09:21] Is it a bit tricky, James, that for the days running up to the government’s change of heart on this, you had cabinet minister after cabinet minister saying, no, no, we’re absolutely not going to change our mind about this, we’re funding money through local councils, we’re absolutely not going to change our mind, and then Marcus Rashford pops up and that’s the thing that makes the difference?Jed Mercurio[00:17:36] We need safety to be achieved through having a functioning test and trace system, and low levels of transmission, because it’s not just about it being safe for kids to go back to school, it has to be safe for society. They travel, they interact with staff; those staff members interact with people in their households and possibly the disease can be transmitted to vulnerable people. So, there has been a total failure to deliver on the promises, and that’s caused a great deal of confusion.
James Cleverly[00:18:10] Well, I’m going to have to disagree with you on the point you’re making about the requirement for test and trace and the planning around that and the delivery of that. We’ve got…we now have a testing system which tests huge numbers of people on a daily basis, hundreds of thousands of people. And that was driven forward…Matt Hancock set himself some incredibly challenging targets to expand that.
Fiona Bruce[00:18:37] Well, James, I think we might get onto this in more detail in a moment.
James Cleverly[00:18:42] Okay. Oh no, I’m… Yeah, okay.
Fiona Bruce[00:18:43] No, that’s absolutely fine. I’ve just noticed there’s some hands up in the audience. Tony, you had your hand up?Lisa Nandy [00:20:52] I think we could sort this out pretty quickly actually, it’s a huge effort and it takes a lot of work to get children back to school safely with the social distancing requirements. But if you think back to when we were trying to get the public health efforts off the ground, and the government did concede that they needed to work with a wide variety of partners – the army was brought in to help construct hospitals, we had people being brought back out of retirement in order to help boost the workforce – we need a similarly comparable effort for education. We’ve had efforts around health, we’ve had efforts around the economy, but education has really been the poor relation here.
Fiona Bruce [00:22:09] But, Lisa, is Labour’s position slightly…
Lisa Nandy [Voices overlap 22:10] 
Fiona Bruce [00:22:10] Lisa, I’m so sorry to interrupt but, Lisa, is Labour’s position slightly confusing? You have the Shadow Education Secretary Rebecca Long Bailey saying only last week that it was welcome that the government was rowing back from full school reopening plans before summer.Gareth Jones[00:25:15] Good evening. The current app development is experiencing problems – if we don’t get it working, does it really matter? Will it make a difference to prevent a second wave?
Fiona Bruce[00:25:25] Does it really matter, Lisa Nandy?
Lisa Nandy[00:25:27] Yeah, I think it does matter and, you know, we very much supported the government in trying to set this up, because in the end if you get the app up and running it will save lives. The problem is that the government were warned repeatedly from the outset that the path that they were taking was not going to work because the technology just wasn’t compatible with a lot of phones. Now, there were other countries like Germany and Australia, who were taking a similar path to our government, trying to develop their own technology, realised that it wouldn’t work, listened to those warnings, and actually went down a different path. And as a result Germany has just managed to launch their app yesterday and is quite confident about how that’s going to work. So, we’ve really got to start breaking the pattern here, which is of a government that shuts people out, doesn’t listen to advice, doesn’t seek to learn from expertise here in the UK and overseas, and then finds later that they’ve got to revisit those plans because they’ve unravelled very very quickly. We’ve seen it over and over again with a whole host of things.Tony[00:18:48] Yes, hello. One of the things that bugs me about all this is, everything comes down to that government has to have a plan, and the government does have to have a plan but some of the ideas that come through are frankly just incomprehensible. I was just listening today to somebody saying, the problem is, we don’t have enough space. We can open hotels, we can put up marquees and that way we can get more kids back into school. Great idea; begs the question where are the teachers, because we wouldn’t have enough teachers to do that, and those teachers we have got about 40 per cent of them don’t want to go back anyway.
Fiona Bruce[00:19:30] Sue?
Sue[00:19:31] We all know that education is a great social leveller and a great force for social mobility, and with rising inequality in the UK the fact that these children… The question was whether six months off school is devastating for a whole generation and for those children who have no access to the internet, have no computers at school, have no books on the book shelves behind them, these are the children who are particularly suffering from this. And until we have, I’m sorry to repeat it, but effective tracing in place…testing and tracing, we can’t get there. We cannot have, like on the Isle of Wight, 90 per cent of those people who are traced disappearing into the ether.Fiona Bruce[00:20:15] Deborah, you’ve got your hand up.Deborah Norrish[00:20:18] Just coming back to James about the points, and the vision to get students back into school, which is exactly what we all want, the implementation of some of the policies that the government have suggested haven’t necessarily turned out to what they were planned – so the school laptops, for example, our school our disadvantage laptops still haven’t arrived. And today I know the announcement with the big catch-up plan and the national tutoring programme in theory sounds fabulous; in reality have we got capacity to be able to implement what the government are trying to suggest?Fiona Bruce[00:20:51] Lisa?Lisa Nandy[00:20:52] Well, I mean, the question was about trying to…about the impact on children, and I think there’s no question that this is going to have a big impact on this generation. It’s not just about exam results and life chances, as important as that is, but health professionals are increasingly worried that this is having a real impact on children’s mental health as well. So, for every reason, we ought to be trying to get children back to school as quickly as can safely be achieved. It’s why it’s been so frustrating to see the government’s response to this entering into this blame game and refusing to work with people to build a national consensus around this.Lisa Nandy [00:25:27] One of the real outstanding problems with all of this at the moment is that you’ve got public health directors across England saying that they still don’t get…the GPs in local areas don’t get the results of tests. Because the government set up their own private sector testing facilities around the country, so GPs just simply don’t know whether their patients are testing positive for COVID. Public health directors are looking closely at local outbreaks and having to make decisions about managing local outbreaks, but because they’re not getting that information, they just simply don’t have the tools that they need to do the job. So, we need a reset here. It’s right for the government to abandon a system if it isn’t working, but we need to ask ourselves, why is it so often that we end up having to unravel plans over and over again because we didn’t get them right in the first place?Fiona Bruce[00:27:20] Yeah, and, Steve, I wanted to ask you not only what you think about this particular question but also just tell us a little bit about how you’re managing at Crystal Palace, because you’ve got a kind of app of your own there, haven’t you?Steve Parish[00:23:37] And coming back to the original question, I would say that there will be limited damage done to everything if we can get back to as close to normal as possible by September. But if we don’t get back to as close to normal in September, our children, our businesses, our children’s future will be damaged for maybe ten, 15 years. So, the next two or three months are such a crucial period. It does require everybody to stop the blame game; it requires a massive massive national effort, and a ‘can do’ mentality and attitude that worries me we seem to have lost in this country. And if we don’t do that, I think we really are in serious problems.
Fiona Bruce[00:25:03] Well, look you’ve mentioned it, and you mentioned it as well, Jed, in terms of contact tracing and that being a method for moving us all forward – we’ve got a question on that, so let’s come to it. Gareth Jones?Steve Parish[00:27:39] Yes, it’s not a tracing app. I mean, on the app it seems incredible to me that so many countries are developing their own app. I mean, I would’ve thought, certainly, if the EU has a purpose that that might be one thing that they could’ve got everybody’s heads together on. We all want exactly the same app doing exactly the same thing, which seems incredible. We have a very simple app where the players and the staff fill in any symptoms, because that’s as efficient a way of catching the disease early. Sometimes there’s testing, where there can be a lag between the time you test and testing positive.But, you know, developing these apps is extremely complex. You know, as somebody who had a business that developed this kind of thing, the time scales that we’re trying to do it in are very very compressed. I’m pleased today that they’re adapting to Google and Apple technology, which, you know, I would hazard a guess they might be better at producing stuff than, you know, people in our government. So, look, let’s hope that we can all get together. The blame game on both sides, I think, really does need to stop. It’s a very difficult situation, nobody was prepared for this situation. You know, we can say Germany have done slightly less worse than everybody else. We’ll need to look back on…Fiona Bruce[00:23:25] And, Steve, there seems to be an element of some schools kind of ploughing their own furrow. Private schools have been talking over the last couple of days that they’re going to get their own kind of app going and that they are committed to getting all children back in school by September.Steve Parish[00:23:37] Well, look, I would say…I would agree with Lisa on a lot of things. We don’t seem to have a strategy to exit the lockdown in any industry. You know, we are fortunate enough in football that we have the resources and the money to develop our own strategy and we can test players twice a week, and we have a fairly limited requirement without supporters.This virus most likely will stay with us in this guise for the foreseeable future. We all hope for a vaccine, we hope for better interventions but we know they’re not likely to come. If the lockdown worked, which we all think it did, when we come out of lockdown the infections will rise. And if we can’t track those infections down and trace them and quell those outbreaks, we really are in for a terrible time economically.
Fiona Bruce[00:28:40] Well, they’ve done a lot better in terms of their death toll.
Steve Parish[00:28:43] They have done better in terms of their death toll, but I think when we look back on this, 10,000 deaths is too many. You know, for this to get to the extent that it did into the amount of countries that it has. You know, the world really needs to look at it and make sure that these kind of outbreaks are jumped on way before the kind of things we’re discussing now, because we are talking about a pandemic that is broadly out of control in the world that we’re trying to get on top of, and it is going to be extremely difficult. And we do need to come together as a country, private enterprise, the governments, both sides of the House and try and find a solution in the next two or three months, or we really could be in a terrible situation.
Fiona Bruce[00:29:22] Mike, you’ve had your hand up from the start?
Mike[00:29:25] Yes, I was going to say, with Apple and Google there’s good parts in both applications, surely these companies could come together for once, you know, because there’s a big pandemic going on, and sort of put the resources together.Fiona Bruce[00:36:09] Munira?
Munira Wilson[00:36:10] I can’t overstate how important getting test and trace right, and getting it right as quickly as possible is. Everybody who’s watching this evening is desperate to try and get back to some sense of normality. Without a robust operational test and trace system it’s impossible to be able to do that safely; we have to be able to find every case and isolate it and keep the…and suppress this virus.What is very clear to me is when I had a conversation with the Deputy Chief Medical Officer on 13th March it was around then that we stopped routinely testing and tracing every incidence of coronavirus. And I questioned her hard and I said why are you stopping the testing, we should be testing every case? And it was down to capacity, and it’s been far too late. It was some weeks after that that we suddenly saw a focus on ramping up testing. And, great, we’ve got the capacity but, James, we haven’t had for almost a month now the figures of how many people have actually been tested on a daily basis.Steve Parish[00:39:49] When they do that, they say it’s a U-turn. They are holding their hands up and saying they’ve got it wrong and then they’re told it’s a U-turn, so then that’s not an environment that’s conducive to people making the right decisions, is it? That is the blame game, that’s exactly what it is.

Jed Mercurio[00:40:01] No, but there’s…isn’t there a difference between making a U-turn on policy and just lying? There’s a difference between those two things.

Steve Parish[00:40:07] Well, I certainly think that the information, as you just pointed out, that they’ve received from some of our institutions of science… And I’m not here to defend them blindly – everybody’s made terrible mistakes, you know, where there was a left turn to make, we took the right one on almost every occasion and we have to learn from it. But I don’t think when we look back there’ll be any one single reason, you know.

Jed Mercurio[00:40:28] Oh, you’re absolutely right, Steve, absolutely, yeah.

Steve Parish[00:40:30] And I think we have to consider that when we move forward, and that’s the most important thing is how we move forward.

Fiona Bruce[00:40:35] Okay.Munira Wilson[00:40:36] I don’t think saying that…Jed Mercurio[00:40:37] But moving forward means learning from your mistakes and being honest. And unfortunately, there’s that gap between the learning behaviour and the transmission of the information about what has been learned and where mistakes were made. And I think that that is problematic for people to have confidence about the information they receive and how they go forward.Fiona Bruce[00:40:57] Okay, I’m going to move on because we’ve got another question on a different topic, which I want to get in, from Laura Hill.Laura Hill[00:41:04] Earlier this week, the Prime Minister announced a review into racial inequality in the country. Isn’t it time for action rather than just another review?Fiona Bruce[00:41:15] Munira?Munira Wilson[00:41:16] Absolutely, and it was unfortunate that the announcement was buried in a piece about Winston Churchill’s statue. People are angry, people are hurting. That’s why despite the fact that we’ve got a public health emergency and nobody wants to see crowds out on the street, people feel moved to go out and protest, having been outraged by what they’ve seen happen in the US with George Floyd, but also with the huge inequalities that have been exposed by the virus, and we’ve seen the BAME community disproportionately affected.James Cleverly[00:35:30] No, that’s…so, the test of our in-house app was done on the Isle of Wight. We were keeping our options open for the use of either.
Fiona Bruce[00:35:36] But…so you haven’t trialled the other one?
James Cleverly[00:35:38] But that…the other system is being used more widely, so doing a discrete UK only trial for that one. My understanding, and I’m willing to be corrected on this…
Fiona Bruce[00:35:46] So we haven’t trialled it, but we’re relying on other countries.
James Cleverly[00:35:48] But [voices overlap 35:47] because it’s being used elsewhere, so it’s not necessary for us to trial both.
Fiona Bruce[00:35:54] Okay, I’ve got that clear.
James Cleverly[00:35:55] But as I say, the reason we were trialling is to make sure that we chose the best option, because each option had their advantages and disadvantages and it’s not as…it was not clear cut at the start of this process that the…that this would be the better option, and that’s why you test.James Cleverly [00:34:42] No, because…I mean…Fiona Bruce [00:34:43] Which is critical, obviously, if it’s going to work.James Cleverly [00:34:44] We use the word U-turn… I mean, I was in business before I came into politics and if you’re going to test a couple of options, see which one progresses best, see which one works and then invest your time and effort in the better performing one of those options, that’s not a U-turn. That’s why it was tested on the Isle of Wight. That’s why we are…you know, we learn from the experience…Fiona Bruce [00:35:07] Okay, so you have been trialing the other option on the Isle of Wight as well?James Cleverly [00:35:08] Well, as… No, but the point…Fiona Bruce [00:35:10] Oh, you haven’t?James Cleverly [00:35:11] The…well, the point that Matt was saying is, we…Fiona Bruce [00:35:13] Hang on, no, I… Hang on, I just want to be…because now I really don’t understand. So, if Matt Hancock said you were backing both options and you were trialling the NHSX app, presumably you were trialling the other one as well, otherwise…that’s what backing both options is.James Cleverly [00:35:26]No, that’s…Fiona Bruce [00:35:28] Isn’t it?
Jed Mercurio[00:31:37] And I think a lot of businesses are just going to take responsibility for it themselves. I think that each TV production will organise their own testing and they will look after each other and do their best that way.
Fiona Bruce[00:32:32] And James, obviously, we had the announcement today from the Health Secretary about switching horses, I think was the analogy that Matt Hancock used, having…but he also said we backed both horses throughout, the NHSX app and also this other app, kind of Google-Apple app. What I don’t understand about that is if the government has been backing both those things, it’s now jettisoned one, why isn’t the other one ready?
James Cleverly[00:33:00] Well, the…I mean, these apps…we talk about…I mean, Lisa implies there was an obvious right answer – there clearly wasn’t an obvious right answer.
Fiona Bruce[00:33:12] Yeah, but if you’ve been backing them both and other countries are already introducing their apps, how come the other one isn’t ready?
James Cleverly[00:33:17] So, the idea that there was an obvious right answer is wrong, otherwise every country in the world would’ve done the same thing and that’s not what happened, Germany as an example. And what Matt did was exactly the right thing to do, which is not to put all our eggs in one basket, to make sure that we were developing, you know, the in-house app, as it were, and the app through third parties. And it was test…James Cleverly[00:43:39] We have looked at the impact of stop and search. When I worked with Boris Johnson when he was Mayor of London, we looked at how crime disproportionately affect black Londoners, and he’s carried that passion now with him into Downing Street. And it’s easy when people say, oh, you know, we should do something, and when asked what exactly we should do, you are able to give an answer, because it is not simple and it is not the kind of change that can happen overnight. But I’m incredibly proud of the work that the Prime Minister has done both as prime minister and as mayor of London to try and close the gap between the lives…the lived experience of ethnic minorities in the UK and the norm.Fiona Bruce[00:45:05] Well, we’ve got lots of hands up here so let’s hear from some of them. Marsha?Marsha[00:45:10] Can I just say, after you’ve mentioned that there’s been eight areas, I think reviews aren’t enough, it’s time now for reform. And I think we should start at least by educating children in school about black culture and black history, so that it can start there.Fiona Bruce[00:33:41] So how ready is that, then?
James Cleverly[00:33:43] And it was tested on the Isle of Wight and a decision was made to go with the other option. That’s the right thing to do, and it’s about learning as we go through this and making the decision. I don’t know exactly when the app will go live.
Fiona Bruce[00:33:59] Because we heard it might not be till winter now.
James Cleverly[00:34:01] But…so as I say, I don’t want to guess and speculate, I don’t know exactly when the app will go live. But obviously, we will continue working with international friends and partners, we will learn from what other countries are doing. And we are…the whole world is learning as we go, and to make sure that we bring about a test and trace app that can be used to protect us all.
Fiona Bruce[00:34:25] Gareth?
Gareth Jones[00:34:28] Yeah, do you not think that the public are going to see this as another U‑turn again, and it’s going to be even harder to get the public on board to actually use the app when it does become live?
Fiona Bruce[00:34:39] Well, do you worry about that loss of public confidence?Fiona Bruce[00:43:15] I mean, James, I just had a little look through the number of reviews that there have been, and by my counting anyway there have been eight reviews in the last three years looking into race or the effect of race as part of a bigger project – why do you need another one?
James Cleverly[00:43:29] Well, reviews are how governments learn about what needs to change or needs to…
Fiona Bruce[00:43:34] Well, these are…most of these are your government reviews, there’ve been eight in the last three years.
James Cleverly[00:43:39] Yeah, look, I’m not…I’m not going to suggest that the government should stop learning and stop understanding, so I’m comfortable with reviews. And actually I’m very proud of the fact that I’m part of a government that has made some real differences. So, for example, and I know these figures will now be distorted because of the situation with the coronavirus, but up until that point, the increase in employment had disproportionately benefitted people from black and other minority groups. And having a job, I think we’ll all agree, is a foundation stone for a better life.Belinda[00:48:04] Just listening to what James has been saying, and also some of the other audience members, you know, we do need to learn, we need to learn for all the points that we’ve been discussing this evening. And like the audience member said about it’s time for action, and just the previous comment then shows a certain element of ignorance about what is actually happening right now. As a teacher, you know, our curriculum changed and was reduced to become English heritage. And it’s not just about black history that needs to be learned, it’s about our history, our Anglocentric history warts and all, that needs to be learned from – but also needs to be put into learning now so that we don’t have each generations with similar attitudes that would just perpetuate this.

Fiona Bruce[00:49:03] Sue?

Sue[00:49:05] Stephen Lawrence was killed before my son was born and he’s graduated now and the personal report recommendations were not put into place. Grenfell was another case where we said, this has to be a watershed and things have to change. We can go all the way back to Windrush – nothing is changing, review after review after review. And we have peaceful Black Lives Matters demonstrations and it is the white supremacists who turn up, if you like, who are causing the trouble at these demonstrations. But it’s not individuals, this is institutional and it goes through the whole of the UK societyFiona Bruce[00:41:54] So, specifically, what action do you think should be taken?Munira Wilson[00:41:58] Well, there’s a whole…there’s already been a whole host of reviews where the recommendations have yet to be implemented. And in terms of the Home Office, ending the hostile environment would be a good place to start, for instance. There’s also things like suspicion-less stop and search – we know that black individuals are 47 times more likely to be stopped and searched.And I received last week a letter about a 15-year-old mixed race boy in my constituency, a law-abiding young man, I heard from his head teacher, and he has been stopped countless times by the police, they’re convinced it’s racial profiling. Even when he’s been out with his white friends, the police have stopped him to question him but not his white friends. His parents are terrified that at some point he’s going to get into more trouble because he’s going to react to being stopped. This shouldn’t be happening.And clearly, there are systemic issues that need to be tackled, and that’s where, you know, David Lammy’s review, we’re still waiting for some of those recommendations to be implemented. So yes, another review is important, but it shouldn’t just be a research project, it should be setting goals and targets and measures for us to be tracking progress against.
Fiona Bruce[00:51:53] Jed?Jed Mercurio[00:51:55] I think Steve’s said so many important things there, and we’ve heard a lot of really great points as well. I’d like to maybe bring in a timely example, because there was a recent review which looked at the effects of COVID. And one of the troubling findings was about the vulnerability of certain ethnicities to coronavirus, specifically in terms of frontline healthcare staff. And I certainly think that an opportunity was missed to look at the risks that people are experiencing based on their ethnicity, and whether there should be redeployment of some staff, whether there should be changes in roles, and that should be factored in. As someone who’s still got a lot of friends who are in the medical profession, some of those are in those particularly vulnerable groups, I do worry that something should’ve been done, something…that review should’ve been acted upon and I can’t think of better example in terms of the time we’re at now.Fiona Bruce[00:46:53] Tony. So, I will come back to you, James, sorry, forgive me, I will allow you to come back in. Tony?
Tony[00:46:59] I’m afraid, all this carries on. I have a right to my expression as well and the black population puts itself about… The Black Lives Matter movement is excellent but they do themselves no favours when they riot in London. There is plenty of government legislation for racial equality. The government have done a lot to try and make sure that we have racial equality; it’s the people that get it wrong. And I’m afraid, a lot of the time the way that the Black Lives Matter movement conducts itself does them no good at all, it does them no favours. 
Fiona Bruce[00:47:54] Well, Tony, as I’m sure you know, there was violence but it was from a minority of people, and there were huge amounts of peaceful protests on the streets as well. Belinda?Fiona Bruce[00:49:47] Steve, let me bring you back to Laura’s original question. Earlier this week, the Prime Minister announced a review into racial inequality in the country – isn’t now the time for action rather than just another review?Steve Parish[00:50:00] I absolutely think it’s time for action. I mean, you know, we have some experience of this; we have a big academy with 212 boys in it at any one time and, you know, there are many many facets of this problem that we all accept exists. One of the biggest ones that I see is really based around social mobility. And the frustrating thing for me is that we all have it in our power to make a difference. You know, again, this is one of those things we can put to government, or we can make a change. And, you know, what I see in the boys that we’ve got is that they don’t have…even if they’re, you know, academically strong or bright, they don’t have the networks that we have. They don’t get the opportunities that people in our network get.

Lisa Nandy[00:56:31] James, come on, don’t [voices overlap 56:29] positive steps, it’s just what we’re asking.
James Cleverly[00:56:33] You’re suggesting that I…
Lisa Nandy[00:56:35] Why isn’t the government matching that level of progress and that level of ambition? You know what needs to be done [voices overlap 00:56:40]…
James Cleverly[00:56:39] The point I’m making is, I have mentored…Lisa Nandy…Two hundred and one recommendations, in the last…
James Cleverly[00:56:42] I have mentored black people in business, black people in the civil service – we are moving in the right direction. And yes, we should always aspire to move further and faster, but we must never deny the progress that we’ve made. Otherwise, unsurprisingly, young people…young black people in Britain will think that there has been no progress, and that’s just wrong, it’s wrong.Fiona Bruce[00:55:17] James, I promised I’d let you back in.James Cleverly[00:55:18] Yeah, thank you. I am not…and I would never suggest that there isn’t improvement that can be made, there’s a huge amount of improvement that can be made, but to imply that we’ve not progressed is just factually wrong and deeply insulting. Steve and I grew up in South East London and although he’s infinitely better looking, he’s a couple of years older, I remember when the National Front marched through my…the streets virtually where I live.Lisa Nandy[00:55:49] But society has progressed, James, but government isn’t matching that level of ambition.James Cleverly[00:55:52] That would never happen now. When I was first elected onto the London Assembly, I sat next to an elected member of the British National Party an explicitly racist political party, elected into London government by the voters of London. That would never happen now. When I was at school, I had no idea who Mary Seacole was and my mum was a black nurse. My parents started going out when being a mixed race couple would get you spat at in the street; that would never happen now. We have progressed so far. And there is yes, definitely definitely still room for improvement, but to deny the positive steps this country has made is deeply deeply deeply unfair.Steve Parish[00:50:00] And all of the people that were involved in the protests, you know, from the privileged side of the debate, if you like, can all make a difference. They all run companies, they own companies, they can give opportunities, whether it’s work experience, internships, to help people along the road on the journey. And we can start making a difference now, we can all individually start making a difference tomorrow, and we know we can. And we don’t need to wait for a government review to do it. The government review may help, it may come up with things that we can do with the police and to change attitudes.I certainly think, having looked at this whole issue of history and statues, that we need to review some things. You know, I think if we wouldn’t put a statue up of that person now, why would we continue to have it? You know, do we want a statue to a man who brought 90,000 slaves into the country and killed 19,000 of them? You know, not for me; whilst I think that there are people like Churchill who, although misguided in some beliefs at the time, overall were a force for good.So, I’d like to see real change, I’d like to see us grasp the moment that we’ve got and have some kind of way that we bring about more equality, certainly in the work place.Lisa Nandy[00:53:05] It’s about having better legal representation. It’s about incomes as well. We were just talking about child poverty, but actually if you’re black you’re more likely to be poor, you’re more likely to be stopped by the police. There are real disparities in the immigration system as well. These are things that should be well known to any politician of any party, and the key thing now is that we get on and implement them. You can see why people are so frustrated.And I would just say this as well, my dad’s generation were amongst those who fought for greater racial equality in this country and they did make huge strides forward. And the way that they did it in the end was through leadership, people like Roy Jenkins, who stepped forward in order to bring in the Race Relations Act. Now, that was at a time when that was actually deeply controversial and pretty unpopular in Britain.What I would say to James is, I think that the government’s inaction is based on a very dim view of people in this country. Most people in this country now strongly believe that discrimination harms all of us even if we’re not directly affected by it – we care about one another, we’re a tolerant society. And the government really does need to get on and implement recommendations from those reports, not just kick this into the long grass, because if we’ve learned anything over the last few weeks, it just will not cut it any more.
Fiona Bruce[00:04:17] Steve?Steve Parish[00:04:18] Well, firstly, I would agree with Jed. I mean, I think that Marcus Rashford is an example, as have lots of footballers been through this crisis, of people that know the right thing to do, do the right thing to do and act in the right way. I’d also agree with Jed that I think the language of U-turns and all of these kind of brick bats that we throw at politicians often means that we just don’t get to the right answer, and what’s important is we get to the right answer. So, I’m pleased that we did, I think it’s the right thing. I’m pleased that Marcus showed our profession in the light that I see it every day, and long may it continue. And long may the government, any government that we have, continue to listen to the right arguments and make the right decisions.Fiona Bruce[00:04:59] And one of the things that was so compelling about Marcus Rashford was because he was talking about his own experience of poverty as a child and going to friends’ houses when food was short in his own home. Are there other footballers that you know that have lived that kind of life experience?Steve Parish[00:05:13] The vast majority of footballers, you know, come from backgrounds that wouldn’t be considered affluent. And what a lot of people don’t realise is, what an extended network of people they look after and are responsible for, particularly many of the players that come from overseas. So, you know, the picture that’s portrayed of footballers as being, sort of, young men with too much money just really isn’t fair in most of the cases that I come into contact with. And certainly, I’ve been incredibly proud of all of the players that I know and the way they’ve acted through the whole crisis.Fiona Bruce[00:05:49] So, Lisa, the question from Charlie is, what does it tell us about the government’s priorities that it was forced into this decision by Marcus Rashford.Lisa Nandy[00:05:58] Well, I mean, I agree with Jed. I think, I very much welcome the fact that the government did a U-turn on this. And I think the campaign that Marcus Rashford led was really inspirational, but it shouldn’t take a brave young footballer to shame the government into action. The real question is, how could we possibly only 48 hours ago still have been debating whether we were going to allow some children to go starving hungry over the school holidays?Munira Wilson[00:14:10] No, we’ve put forward a plan, which includes things like identifying safe spaces that could then…having a safe space register that would open up safe community spaces that could potentially be used as additional space for schooling, so that you can then get the kids back to school safely. I mean, my concern is, first of all, the test and trace system clearly isn’t up and running properly. And for any part of lockdown, whether that’s schools or other…or parts of the economy to be opened up, we need to be testing, tracing and isolating every single case to keep people safe.The other thing is just the lack of plan, as Jed was saying. I would’ve hoped that there would’ve been a plan put forward with a range of scenarios perhaps. And certainly, I was talking to head teachers in my constituency on Wednesday and they said to me, we urgently need a plan so that we can start to prepare for September so that we know what we’re doing, but we need that now.
Fiona Bruce[00:15:16] Well, let’s see if we can find out what the plan is, we’ve got James here.James Cleverly[00:16:13] Well, you’re going to have to wait for the announcement because that would be the right thing to do, I don’t want to steal the thunder of my colleagues from the Department of Education. But the point is that we are evolving the plan as we learn more about the nature of the virus – we’ve got to make sure that the students are safe, the teaching professionals are safe, and so this will mean that we are having to adapt. And that is disconcerting, it’s hugely disconcerting for parents. We completely understand that. But we want to make sure that children don’t miss out on their education – education’s incredibly important. And it’s not just about the syllabus, it’s also about the social interactions. And so we want to make sure that we can really establish training provision in a way that’s safe for the students, for the staff, for the training professionals and, of course, their families.Jed Mercurio[00:17:09] Isn’t it confusing, though, for parents and students alike when there was a plan announced…if I recall, it was that schools would go back on 1st June and Michael Gove said it was safe for them to go back on 1st June. And it was predicated on having, I hate to use the phrase, a world-beating test and trace system – there’s been a failure to achieve that.James Cleverly Well…Fiona Bruce[00:29:39] Well, I think they are putting their resources together for the benefits of this particular app, as I understand it. Charles?
Charles[00:29:48] Yes. It just seems that this is just another moment of government bluster actually hitting reality. So, Matt Hancock and Baroness Harding said today that they’ve backed both horses of the Google and the android model and the NHS app, but they’ve always insisted until this point that they were only going to pursue the NHS app. So it just seems that the government are trying to make it seem that they’re trying to do the best job possible, but when it comes to reality they might cover up and not pretend that they’ve done anything wrong.
Fiona Bruce[00:30:19] Jed?
Jed Mercurio[00:30:20] Well, I think that the app can only really be an adjunct. I think that there are technological limitations in the app in terms of providing a nation-wide service. And really, it’s about having a functioning public health infrastructure that is able to deal with local outbreaks locally. And unfortunately, the government has chosen to centralise and use a private company, Cerco, to take the lead on this. And I think that a lot of public health officials and workers, as Lisa said, are frustrated that they’re not receiving the information.Jed Mercurio[00:30:20] They’ve kind of been shut out, whether intentionally or not I don’t know, but they do feel that they’ve been shut out. And that does then limit us in terms of our ability to do exactly what we’re all asking for.
As Steve said, where’s that can do attitude? Can we crush this virus so that society can get back to normal and our kids can get back into school and our businesses can get up and running? And a lot of the businesses and the particular sectors that are looking to get back, frankly, don’t have much confidence.

Fiona Bruce[00:31:30] And what about your business? I mean, getting Line of Duty – I say that as an unashamed fan I have to confess, of getting that back up and running?

Jed Mercurio[00:31:37] Well, it’s interesting that you give that specific example because we had an outbreak during the shoot over in Belfast when there was the test and trace system originally, the containment phase, and we were able to deal with that and we were able to carry on uninterrupted. Then, towards the end of the shoot that got curtailed, we had another outbreak and I was quite surprised to learn that we weren’t able to do testing and tracing, that the system had been stopped. And that was the point where really when we looked at it, we knew that we couldn’t protect our workforce and we had to stop, and that was nine days before the lockdown. So the writing was on the wall then.Munira Wilson[00:36:10] And on tracing, as Lisa has said, we need to be working much more closely with local authorities. Directors of public health have been crying out to be leading this effort; they are the experts. I didn’t watch the Salisbury Poisonings earlier this week but I heard in there it showed just how pivotal the role of the Director of Public Health is. That is what they should be doing, that’s what they’re experts in and they should be leading those teams of contact tracers to be tracing every case. But last week I was talking to some leaders in local government, they haven’t got the data, they haven’t got the tools. They’re still to some extent unclear about what their roles should be, and this is absolutely critical if we want to open up our economy again.Jed Mercurio[00:38:01] I think it’s telling that you got an honest answer about the reason that testing was abandoned in March. What we were told…the public was told was that it wasn’t appropriate for an economy of our size.

Steve Parish[00:38:14] Well, I think that our institutions…I feel, you know, we talk about the government all the time letting us down but, you know, Public Health England made that decision. In Germany, they devolved it very quickly into the local authorities. And I would also say, I mean, we can’t have the whole of the United Kingdom hanging on an app developer developing an app. You know, test and trace is possible to do manually. Most of it, Jed, as you said, will happen manually, even with the app. The app is 15minutes in proximity of two metres to somebody.Jed Mercurio[00:38:41] Yeah, it’s just an adjunct, but you’ve got to have the whole infrastructure.Steve Parish[00:38:44] You can remember if you were with somebody for 15 minutes.Jed Mercurio[00:38:46] Yeah.Steve Parish[00:38:46] So, you know, we need to get test and trace rolled out manually and if the app comes along and helps us do it then great, but we can’t wait for that.Steve Parish[00:38:54] But it’s also about people receiving accurate information. When you have public health officials, when you have government scientists saying things which are manifestly untrue, which is that it wasn’t appropriate, it was actually always about resources but they didn’t admit that. And so now we’re in a situation again where trust has broken down. People are desperate to get good quality information they can rely on from their government, from their public health officials, so that people can make the right decisions and make the right calculations about risk about how we get back to normal.
Munira Wilson[00:39:30] I think, though, Steve, you talked… Sorry, is it okay?
Fiona Bruce[00:39:32] Briefly, you know, because I just want to move onto another question.
Munira Wilson[00:39:34] Okay. You talked about ending the blame game. I think the public appreciate that we are in an unprecedented situation and no government is going to get it right. But the thing that frustrates me most about this government is that they just don’t have the humility to put their hands up when they’ve actually got it wrong, or they’ve been too late.Marsha[00:45:10] I think…I mean, too many people…if you’re saying that a 15-year-old was stopped several times by the police and it was racial profiling, that doesn’t come from one specific police officer, that comes from the whole attitude of people in general…police officers in general. And they didn’t go to the police force with that attitude, I think that came from the way they were brought up or things that they’ve learned, you know, in their lives as they’ve grown up. I think if people had a different attitude towards black people as they grow up, it would start there.
Fiona Bruce[00:46:07] Okay, let’s…there’s lots of hands up, I’m going to try and get round as many of you as I can, sort of, reasonably briefly. Anthony?
Anthony[00:46:13] People don’t want another review, they want to see change. That’s why they’re on the streets, that’s why it’s brought them out on the streets to… Though, like you said, eight reviews and what has changed for them? All that I see is that there’s a lot of section of this nation getting disenfranchised with the whole scenario. They want to see change and there are things that can be done. You know, they could teach the children about black history in school, they can introduce culture…black culture and ethnic culture into the curriculum. It’s their country, people have got to be made to feel like it’s their country, but they’re not.Fiona Bruce[00:53:03] Lisa?Lisa Nandy [00:53:05] Well, I was a bit concerned to hear Tony saying that the way that the Black Lives Matters protestors conduct themselves doesn’t help their cause, because I’ve been tremendously inspired actually by a lot of the young people who’ve come out and taken to the streets in recent weeks. And I think that they’re standing up and using their voice and the platform that they have in order to try and get change while generation after generation have been failed.You know, James said, well, you know, what do you actually want to be done? But the government itself has sponsored four reviews in the last four years which have made 201 recommendations; those recommendations actually have common themes to them. It’s about changing recruitment practices so we get far better representation at every level in the criminal justice system, in work places and across society. It’s about having a better education system so that people understand how discrimination actually works and understand the complexity of the history that we’ve got.Lisa Nandy[00:22:25] Well, it’s welcome that they’re not trying to force schools to reopen when it’s not safe to do so. And actually, this is why months ago we were calling for the government to have an exit strategy from lockdown and to start working on that now, because the countries that have managed to get children back to school more quickly were planning for this several months ago. They’ve also done a lot more to try and get support to children in the meantime so that when children do go back to school, we’re not dealing with this enormous attainment gap. The government promised laptops and internet connections months ago but we’re just still not seeing them delivered around the country.
We had a plan announced today that said that there’d be private tutoring available. Now, I really welcome this, but once again, school leaders have been left wringing their hands, saying, why haven’t you spoken to us before you announce these plans? We’ve had enough of back-of-the-envelope plans; we need a proper national strategy and a national consensus; we need the government to reach out and work with schools in order to get children back to school as quickly as possibleFiona Bruce [00:02:38] Scotland has an infection growth rate than England. Kate Forbes [00:02:46] We also have the lowest 100,000, those are the figures that matter. Because we suppressed it so low during the summer, schools and universities went back earlier, we’re seeing figures increase which is why early action is key to avoid a complete lockdown. I think that Nicola Sturgeon has done that. Certainly this week’s figures in terms of dissatisfaction with the prime minister in Scotland is very high. It is almost the inverse; 76 percent are dissatisfied with the way the prime minister has handled it. From my perspective, the challenge for every government, not just the UK but across the world, is to suppress the virus, keep the trust of the people and ensure we manage these other harms in terms of the economy or society more widely.Fiona Bruce [00:03:30] Diane’s question is very pointed. Who is managing it better? David Ross [00:03:36] I don’t think you can treat this as a competition. When people continue to lose their lines of business, when people continue to be infected at an alarming rate. But we have to look across the UK there has been a similar approach taken by all four governments. Around the world we are a stranger about this virus, a virus that didn’t exist this time last year. But there have been big mistakes in Scotland and we have to accept that and listen to the advice we are hearing and learn from them. In Scotland we had people testing positive for Covid-19 in a hospital being discharged into a care home. We have to learn from that. Nicola Sturgeon told us there would be a support in September; we’re still waiting in October for that. We have the highest percentage of deaths in the care home setting anywhere in the UK here in Scotland. So no one can claim a success. It is a battle that we are all still fighting. It is one that continues to take lives. It is one we are still trying to get on top of. That’s just the health battle. We also have the economic response to deal with as well.Fiona Bruce [00:07:14] Lucas. 
Audience Speaker [00:07:16] None of the panelists have been able to answer, really, who has performed better, Nicola Sturgeon or Boris Johnson. Of course it’s a horrendously difficult period for both of them. But why, and can they explain the disparity between public opinion and how they handled it? Clearly, people believe that Nicola Sturgeon has performed so much better.
Fiona Bruce [00:07:40] Grant, you have your hand up. 
Audience Speaker [00:07:42] I just wanted to follow on from what Douglas was saying and Lucas was saying. If both Holyrood and Westminster have both made mistakes there is a lesson to be learned for the UK government in the way the public are perceiving Holyrood and Nicola Sturgeon so favorably.
Fiona Bruce [00:04:36] Are you satisfied with the way Boris is handling it? 
David Ross [00:04:40] There have been mistakes by governments around the world. There have been errors made -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:04:46] What, the UK government has done wrong. 
David Ross [00:04:48] At some time we’ll say this or that should have been done differently. But I don’t think no one can say what has been the big difference in Scotland. What has the Scottish government done differently from the UK. There are areas where the Scottish government have to learn, for example, testing positive people for Covid-19 in a hospital and putting them into a care home. That’s the worst thing that could have happened. 
Audience Speaker [00:05:12] So with regard to mistakes and Nicola Sturgeon, what is the evidence that the First Minister has used in justifying her decision to crush the hospitality sector and saying the spike has come from pubs, bars and restaurant? 
Fiona Bruce [00:05:28] I’m going to deal with the main question. Has it been managed better by Boris Johnson or Nicola Sturgeon? Neither of you want to say and you are at pains to point out it is not a competition. But it matters to people who has handled it well.Fiona Bruce Mark, do you feel that either government is listening to the advice at SAGE? 
Mark Walport [00:05:54] Yes. I think it is the wrong question that has been asked because it is not a question of internal comparisons, it is looking at other countries that are doing well. So South Korea, Vietnam, Germany. I think what we have to do is learn from what is working well in other countries. Frankly, I think it would be easier if there was a bit more commonality in the approach across all the countries of the UK. 
Fiona Bruce [00:06:16] We saw the advice released by SAGE this week, the advice given to the governments on 21 September. From what we can see, neither the Scottish government or the UK government are following much of the advice that SAGE was giving. 
Mark Walport [00:06:36] The bottom line is SAGE is looking through the lens of controlling the pandemic. They are also having to balance the difficult tight rope of the miserable health consequences for other people as well, which is the effects of the economic damage -- the unemployment, the damage to education. But I think what we have to do is we need a really clear strategy. I think that has been less visible. What we have to do, frankly, is learn to live with the virus while working on therapeutics and vaccines. We have to get it under control but keep it under control with much better public health delivery.Fiona Bruce [00:09:20] What does that mean, a circuit break? How would you define that. 
Seema Malhotra [00:09:28] It would be more along the lines of where we were in May with people staying at home but there can be variations on that because we are further forward. What has been very clear from Keir Starmer is that -- from from the Labour Party is we need to keep schools open. I think that is universally felt, we should do what we can to keep schools open. If we are to have a circuit breaker, the estimate being we could save 8,000 lines of business because we get it under control prior to Christmas and we protect the NHS in doing that. That has to be done -- we listen to. If we delay, as the government has repeatedly, then the consequences will be far greater both in terms of impact on jobs and livelihoods but also on the nation’s health and the number of deaths.Fiona Bruce [00:17:02] Different measures have been taken at different times. David Ross [00:17:04] I agree with Susan, it comes down to communication. Nicola Sturgeon is a very good communicator. She is on our television every day in Scotland doing the daily briefings. But when it comes down to the detail, we still have, as you said Fiona, the highest R rate anywhere in the United Kingdom, the highest percentage of death in care homes anywhere in the United Kingdom. One of the highest death rate per head of population in Europe. So there are clear challenges that we have to face. As Sir Ian said, we have to learn from the mistakes we made. We are 7 months into this pandemic now and we’re probably closer to where we were in March than we are at the end of this crisis. We have a lot to go through, to learn from, and we cannot make the same mistakes that have been made before. [Unreportable cross-talk.]Fiona Bruce [00:21:14] I’m going to move on if I may. You’ve had a good go, Douglas, I know. David Ross [00:21:20] Just on the quick action of the Scottish government. If I can. It is really important there’s quick action but also quick action for the businesses affected. Kate is finance Secretary here in Scotland and they are waiting 10 days now to get -- Kate Forbes [00:21:34] A far more generous opinion of support. David Ross [00:21:40] They had to wait 10 days to find out they’re getting 40 million pounds. We don’t know how that is going to be delivered [Unreportable cross-talk.] Please indicate, get that money out to businesses. Please. Fiona Bruce [00:21:54] Let me just, before we do, I want to get another question in. I want to mention that next week we are looking for people to join our virtual audience in Sedgefield, the week after in Lincoln. If you live in the area, please do get in touch. Get involved, we’d love to hear from you. Now to the next question, from Martin Dundas.Fiona Bruce [00:16:00] What did you think when we saw today about private consultants getting up to 7 grand a day. Do you think that’s right? 
David Ross [00:16:10] We have to remember the private sector have been involved in terms of generating the ventilation capacity. Right at the start, our biggest concern in Scotland and across the UK was we -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:16:20] What about the point Miriam is making. 
David Ross [00:16:24] We have to remember that the private sector have worked to ensure -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:16:28] But the point that Miriam is making, consultants getting 7 grand a day. 
David Ross [00:16:32] I'm not going to -- levels like that but we can’t say the whole of the private sector was wrong in trying to get us -- Susan, and Grant have all made the point, and I don’t think anyone on this Panel has been able to say anything that the Scottish government have done differently from the UK government. It has been a UK-wide approach, it has largely been the same.Fiona Bruce [00:23:56] As a scientist, help us understand. Is it to make sense scientifically that the rules are different in these different areas? Mark Walport [00:24:04] The first thing to say is there is not a perfect science that says -- you know, there isn’t a science that says what a restaurant is or a café. Nor is this a specific science that says 6 people or 5 people or 7 people. What has to happen is that our social distancing has to be maintained. Of course, we are all in this together. Everyone has a responsibility here. But the rules have to be clear and I think the argument for a circuit breaker is it is tough but short. If we can, by a month’s time, get the numbers down, then we have to get testing and tracing on top of it rather than chasing behind. At the moment, although the numbers number of available tests has gone up, it is still chasing demand. We are only going to decrease if we get on top of it. Then we can really focus on outbreak control, on testing in environments where the risk is hiring and testing in the health system. That’s what we have to do. Fiona Bruce [00:25:00] Your advice would be to shut them all together for a brief period or for a period of whatever length? Mark Walport [00:25:08] For a brief period of time we have to get this under control. There’s no question about that.Miriam Brett [00:13:58] I think you’ve hit the nail on the head there. One of the clearest distinctions between the two approaches -- and I think it is important to recognize here here that we had a four-nations approach beforehand which veered off path when Boris Johnson decided to, in my opinion, pre-emptively eased lockdown and have since seen a four-nations approach. I think on your point on messaging that’s key. When 80 percent of people in Scotland said the Scottish government had good communications. 72 percent of people in Scotland says the UK government has bad communication strategy just now. That gets to one of the key distinctions there. More broadly, though, I think one of the key issues that we need to address in terms of our handling of this crisis more broadly is the scale of outsourcing that we have seen throughout this entire pandemic. We are seeing consultants being brought in for a week who are being paid a year’s worth of nurses’ salaries. We are seeing Deloitte, Mackenzie, being brought in, firms looking to maximise profit and do not have expertise in public health are being brought in to oversee how we respond to test, track and trace. Now, that for me is an abject failure. Why should the taxes of key workers, who are trying so hard just now to help alleviate this crisis, line the pockets of corporations who are not experts in public health? So for me, what we need to do, if it is the case that we are recommended to have a circuit break, if it is recommended to have another lockdown, we need to take a moment, step back, reassess our current approach and recognise that public health should be in public hands and use that as the mantra going forward to guide us.Fiona Bruce 
[00:11:32] Ian, there’s a great reluctance to answer the question put. We must try to do it justice. Do you think this pandemic has been managed better by Nicola Sturgeon than Boris Johnson? 
 
Ian Wood 
[00:11:46] I honestly think it is the wrong question. 

Fiona Bruce 
[00:11:48] But it is the question, that is the thing. 

Ian Wood 
[00:11:52] Right now we are faced with probably the biggest health crisis the world has ever had. That’s applying across the world. All countries are facing a myriad of problems. I think in Scotland’s case our biggest tragedy was the care homes. I think generally we’re undoubtedly in the first wave restarted too quickly. We tried started too quickly. We now have a huge second wave. With the students coming back in the way they did, I hate to say this, but I think it was a bad decision. 

Fiona Bruce 
[00:12:26] You think the universities should have stayed closed? 

Ian Wood 
[00:12:28] Not closed but done online. Perfectly feasible. The real question is what do we do now? How do we keep working at this problem and get past the second wave? That’s what we should be concentrating on. We spend far too much time in Scotland and the UK arguing who is right and who is wrong. We have to make some clear decisions and try to get the next stage right.
Part 22
Fiona Bruce [00:26:30] Miriam, this is a two-part question from Martin and our audience has thrown in their ten penneth as well. When is a café a restaurant, a restaurant a bar? That affects whether they can open or not. Also the fact it is different in the four nations, do you think it should be one message? 
Miriam Brett [00:26:52] Just now -- well, firstly, there has been confusion about what constitutes as a café and a bar. We have seen that elsewhere in the UK. 
Fiona Bruce [00:27:02] We are hearing Robert Jenrick in the UK government Cabinet saying if you are going to eat food in a restaurant or in a café in the UK, in certain parts of the UK now or in a pub, rather, that they have to serve a substantial meal. Could it be a pasty? It could be if it had a side salad. If we’re dealing with that level of complexity, it is difficult to navigate.Audience Speaker [00:19:36] I feel as a young person it is easy for me to answer this question. Nicola Sturgeon wasn’t the one who had a chief adviser break the rules and not be criticised from. From that perspective I think it is Boris Johnson’s whole approach to the pandemic. 
Audience Speaker [00:20:00] Douglas says that nobody can point to any difference. I think he is missing the point, that this is about leadership, it is not about numbers. Looking simply at the numbers, disregards the fact if you don’t have people with you, regardless of how hard you lockdown, you’re not going to get people to comply. You’re going to get people to start to believe all kinds of conspiracy theories and end up with non-compliance. So this is about a difference in leadership, hearts and minds. It’s not about a difference in R rates. 
Fiona Bruce [00:20:34] You asked the question. What do you think about what you heard? 
Audience Speaker [00:20:36] I don’t think it was a competition. That wasn’t the reason I asked the question. But I do feel that Nicola Sturgeon has communicated very well. She hasn’t shied away from questions from the press and TV presenters as Boris and his ministers have done. I think she made clear-cut decisions she has explained well. She earned respect from the people. She needs the people on board to follow what she wants them to do. That’s precisely what she’s doing, rather than hiding away like Boris is doing.Audience Speaker [00:22:20] When is a café a restaurant and a restaurant a bar? Does it differ in Edinburgh, Cardiff, Belfast or London? Fiona Bruce [00:22:28] I have been looking at the regulation. Let’s take a café, for example. You can sit down and eat in a café in Edinburgh but only between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m. They close at 10 p.m. in London and in Cardiff and shut all together in Belfast. Mark, do you want to kick us off with this? Mark Walport [00:22:48] Yes, sure. The first thing to say is that this virus transmits in indoor spaces more easily than it does in the outside. The second thing is that, going back to the last question, the numbers aren’t going down because we’re on average making too many social contacts. So we know that lockdown works because when this pandemic started with tight restrictions it did come under control. Restaurants, cafés, it depends, actually, how people are seated. It depends how people behave, whether they are inside or outside. I think that when you read through, and I read through before coming, all the different restrictions, I looked at Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales, it is very confusing, and it is different. The bottom line is we need to reduce our social contacts, and until we get it down similar to the levels we started with, this is not going to come under control. Frankly, we do need to get on top of the second wave and urgency does matter. So we just have to get on with it and I don’t think it is helpful having lots of different hard-to-understand rules.Fiona Bruce [00:37:18] Kate, we’ve ranged far and wide in this debate. The original question asked by Martin, when is a café a restaurant, a restaurant a bar, there’s been a lot of talk about that in Scotland, does it differ in Cardiff, Edinburgh, London? Do you think there should be one rule across the United Kingdom? Kate Forbes [00:37:44] No, for two reasons. But I think we want to take a four-nations approach as much as possible. Clarity of messaging is critically important. However, the simpler the message, the harsher it is. If you look at Scotland, for example, I represent the Highlands, which is a different rate of infection than some parts of the central belt. Now we’ve taken action to have stricter restrictions in some parts of the central belt than we do in the -- because it leads to greater compliance, people know what’s going on and there’s higher rates there. That will mean a slight variation in what the restrictions are.Fiona Bruce [00:32:58] Seema. Seema Malhotra [00:33:00] I was very surprised to hear that the job support scheme was talked about by David Ross there as being the same as the furlough scheme. Even Dame Lewis Casey has come out to say if you are going to say that you’re going to pay two-thirds of someone’s salary you should also be saying they can only afford two-thirds of their rent or pay for two-thirds of the food for their family. We have a system that is currently -- decisions being made by the prime minister and the chancellor that are pushing people into destitution. The most important thing we need to do right now is look at how we both deal with the health crisis that we’re facing as well as the economic crisis. I have had many employers tell me that the scheme is not going to incentivise them to keep on employees, especially as times get tough again. Many in the aviation industry as well, who are suffering from the slow down. That’s because when the government talked about this scheme as trying to keep people on part time, actually, it is more essential to keep two people on part time than it is to keep one person on full time. Rather than this, the government should be looking at what has been done in Germany and elsewhere and what the Labour Party has been saying to have a proper short hours scheme that supports people to stay in work and in their jobs part time. Because the cost of long-term unemployment is much greater than what we’re going to otherwise have to pay to keep people in their jobs, in viable jobs, that will be there when we come through this next period.Kate Forbes [00:41:04] You appreciate that’s for health. It is for health, not just business support. 
David Ross [00:41:10] It is for the 3,000 pound that the UK government is giving to businesses in England that you could give to businesses in Scotland. They have had to wait 10 days. Sorry if I can just finish because this is important to the businesses watching it. I spoke to them on Monday, I had a virtual summit with businesses. They are crying out for help and help now. Give them that 700 million you got from the chancellor [Unreportable cross-talk.] 
David Ross [00:41:40] Give them some of the 250 million you haven’t spent -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:41:48] Hang on, if you both talk at the same time no one can hear.Seema MalhotraI would come back to this first question as well, talking about how have we done Boris Johnson verses Nicola Sturgeon. Let’s be clear. We’ve had some of the worse excess death rate in the world. Neither has done as well as they needed to for our country and nor as other countries have done. Now we’re headed for the worst financial recession, economic recession, certainly in Europe. I think we have to ask questions about what’s going wrong. We have to ask those questions honestly. The government has to ask those questions honestly. That’s why it is important that they continue to work with the opposition, to listen to the opposition. We do need a full nation approach and we do need to take the job losses that are there now and could be coming, with a million facing a cliff edge at the end of October much more seriously than is being done now. Fiona Bruce [00:35:34] Grant. Audience Speaker [00:35:36] If we are looking for money, why don’t we -- here’s a radical suggestion along the lines of Yanis Varoufakis, the billions of pounds given to management consultants, instead of giving it to them why don’t we give it to local leaders? Let’s give it to hospitality workers, let’s give it to all the entertainment workers who so desperately need it and have been failed.Audience Speaker [00:36:04] Like many people, I’m really surprised that when Rishi Sunac made this announcement back in March to put his arms around everybody and support us that this would suddenly stop, which feels like it is about to happen. If we were at war, we’d have a war chest and it would be continuing. You wouldn’t give up after 7 months. I feel the government went into one gear and are totally shifting into another one now. It looks bleak for a lot of people in different sectors of different economies, different areas, different parts of the country. Audience Speaker [00:36:44] About the job safety scheme Rishi Sunac said that universal credit is a safety net for those whose income has dropped, he proposed cuts to universal credit. This is going to cost 6 million households, with the bottom percent losing most of their income. This is terrible economics. He has taken 6 billion out of the economy by cutting benefits, that’s over 6 billion of cash being spent in a consumer-driven economy. As usual, the poor are paying the cost of it.David Ross [00:31:44] The replacement is similar if you look at the level of support that individuals and employers have to put in in France, in Spain, in Germany is very similar to -- two-thirds the government are paying in the United Kingdom compared to other countries. But Ian is right, because young people are effectively the ones that could be affected by this. First of all their education. Many of them didn’t get to finish their school education, they didn’t get to sit exams, they went on to college and university, and in Scotland and other parts of the United Kingdom they had a terrible initial experience at university, and now they are going to be paying for this for much of their lives and the job market, when we get through this health pandemic, the global response to the economic emergency that we’re all going to face is one that we have to treat extremely seriously. So I think it is young people we have to be thinking about. That’s why the UK government have introduced schemes to help young people into employment. But, again, as the chancellor has said and the prime minister has said, it is going to be impossible to save every single job but we are putting in place tools to protect as many as possible, as we have done with the furlough scheme and the replacement scheme going forward.Fiona Bruce 
[00:29:36] Do you want to jump in Ian? 

 
Ian Wood 

[00:29:40] I’m going to -- with the same point again, there’s a huge big challenging problem out there and, frankly, we’re talking about not unimportant issues but not primary issues. I think there’s a breakthrough appeared with the three-tier approach. Clearly, the country is being affected in different ways. It is absolutely right that some parts of the country should be subject to different rules and regulations than others. So the three-tier approach is a good approach and should be -- definitely should be pursued with great care taken as to what the lockdown issues are and how they might be applied. In terms of hospitality, I’ve got three sons, two of which are heavily involved in pubs and restaurants and bars, so I follow that quite carefully. One thing you must remember, there’s a huge number of young people employed and one of the biggest concerns I have is we’re going to finish up with a lot of young people unemployed. So I really hope we can do something significant with hospitality and try to prevent who could be very significant unemployment in that area.
Kate Forbes second point is we are managing multiple harms. I don’t have in the Scottish government the fiscal leavers, I asked for them multiple times, I don’t have them or the financial resources because we’re not allowed to borrow to properly compensate employers. We’ve come, as you said to what is a cliff edge. There’s no way around it. The job support scheme is not a replacement for the furlough scheme. It disincentivises employers. We know from our own analysis it is going to cost tens of thousands of Scottish jobs which will be exacerbated right across the United Kingdom and ultimately employers need support. As Jim said earlier, hospitality has been through the most challenging of times. Businesses up and down the country have made enormous sacrifices, have invested, but right now with less resources and the cliff edge with furlough coming to an end, they have to make difficult choices. To me the message from the UK government is if there’s going to be the restrictions as we manage the harms, and with our primary objective of suppressing the virus, because that is the fastest way of getting back to some form of normality economically or socially, if we can suppress the virus, then we can re-start. One of the challenges was waiting for the chancellor to make an announcement on what they were going to do in terms of additional financial support.Miriam Brett [00:27:30] Whether we would have nationwide in the sense of a UK-wide lockdown, the practicalities of that would be very difficult now for all four nations because we’ve all gone in different directions. I think what we need to do now is listen to the public health advice and follow what we’re asked to do there. On the point on hospitality, there’s a point being overlooked here as well, which is that hospitality -- and I say this as somebody who worked in the industry for a long time -- is an area that is very, very insecure at the best of times for workers. We have seen a lot of zero-hour contracts, a lot of precarious employment in the whole sector already. With this pandemic, as with so much of it, what it has served to do is not only create new vulnerabilities but expose fractures in our economy that already existed. The furlough scheme was mentioned there. I want to touch upon that. What we have in replacement for the furlough scheme is much better than the cliff edge that they were looking to do. It is still deeply inadequate. Parts of it cover areas in lockdown and we’re still asking people in many circumstances to make a cut to their wages. Are they getting cuts off their rent, their bills, their food? No. What I would like to see is a roll-out of the initial furlough initiative that covers not only areas in lockdown but also other areas so we can help sectors that are to remain closed for the foreseeable future. My last point on hospitality, when we emerge from this crisis we need a new deal for workers. This has exposed vulnerabilities that have existed far too long. We need to ban zero-hour contracts, root out precarious work and have a real wage for all workers in the UK.Fiona Bruce [00:42:48] Another question from Colin Campbell. Audience Speaker [00:42:54] A recent poll shows that Scottish independence has a huge majority of 58 percent support. How long can the UK government continue to deny the Scottish people the right to have their say on their future? Fiona Bruce [00:43:08] David, you said before that London is, in part, responsible for the support for independence in Scotland. Do you want to expand on that? David Ross [00:43:18] Just to answer the question. I don’t downplay the challenge that we face. Those of us in Scotland like me who believe in the union, who believe in Scotland’s proud place, has part of four nations of the United Kingdom. But I also don’t believe there’s anything inevitable about this, despite what the SNP representatives might say on this panel because I think Scotland’s best and proudest days are when we stand together as part of a union we helped to build. But I look at this from a permanent point of view. I have a wee 18 month old son, and I look at him and when I see these polls I don’t get downhearted, I get more determined than ever before to ensure that when he grows up he can be as proud a Scott and as proud a Brit as me, but he can grow up in a United Kingdom rather than a divided Scotland. Those of us who believe in the union, who will fight for the union have to work harder and better than ever before to promote what Scotland gets from the union and what it gives to the union.Ian Wood [00:48:24] I think we had a referendum five years ago. It is an incredibly important question. We should absolutely not be addressing it again. What’s gone completely wrong in the last two or three years is that we’ve got a Scottish government who generally are adversarial and negative about a whole range of things that might happen with the UK and Scotland working together. That’s what we should have. We don’t have a devolved government which is just looking after Scotland at all. We have a devolved government who are focused on independence. What we need is a devolved government who will work with the UK government. I have a list of six different things here which could happen, but right now are being held back because, frankly, the Scottish government’s position is they don’t want any big money help from the UK government because somehow it will cut across the the devolution right. So the structure and the system right now just isn’t working. If we could get that sorted out and, honestly, get both governments working together in a whole range of quite exciting things that could be done, we would be able to look ahead. We’re not. With great respect, the SNP have one objective in mind, that’s independence. Their actual job is to look after the Scottish people and get the best deal for the Scottish people. That’s not the priority right now.
Fiona Bruce [00:55:08] We have little time left. I want to get around a few if I can. Lucas. Audience Speaker [00:55:14] I’m coming from a place where growing up in England, coming to a Scottish university, I was very pro the union. All my Scottish friends that I’ve made here at uni are all pro-independence. And on the point made that it’s important that we look for health and healing and ambitions and prosperity, seemingly what most of my friends say is the opportunities for Scotland outside of the United Kingdom, potentially being back in the European Union or making their own way, as the UK and Britain have said we’re going to do outside the union ourselves. Those opportunities are so much greater than if we’re stuck here in the United Kingdom and being consistently held back by Westminster that continues to prioritise London over any other part of the UK.Fiona Bruce [00:47:10] The UK government has always been at pains to save the NHS won’t be on the table. 
Miriam Brett [00:47:16] The UK government also voted against an amount to the trade bill to protect the NHS against foreign interference and to protect wages. 
David Ross [00:47:28] It has been -- that the NHS is not up for sale in these trade deals. 
Fiona Bruce [00:47:34] I would like to hear from the audience. Kate. 
Audience Speaker [00:47:40] Thanks, Fiona. I’m wondering, having been through the previous independence referendum then the chaotic fallout of -- whether you voted remain or leave, when people will start to recognise that referendums aren’t the right way to decide anything. 
Fiona Bruce [00:47:56] Susan.Fiona Bruce [00:51:04] What about the point that, with Brexit looming, what that may bring, being in the middle of a pandemic, this is something that should be put on the back burner for now. Kate Forbes [00:51:14] That’s why right now from the Scottish government perspective of my day is spent in dealing with the virus and dealing with the economic fall-out of the virus. But there are going to be questions emerging. If you take one question like economic recovery, the last time we saw the UK government borrowing to these levels was probably 2008 in the aftermath of the financial crash. That was followed by a decade of austerity, where the poorest in society paid for the failures. As we come out of this crisis, I want to ensure that we are investing in people, we are investing in infrastructure and we deal with our public finances in a fundamentally different way. That will require financial powers, fiscal powers to be in the hands of Scottish government not the Conservatives in Westminster that most people in Scotland can vote for.Fiona Bruce [00:45:28] Miriam. Miriam Brett [00:45:30] I think the first point to make here is the campaign for independence hasn’t started yet. Westminster is making the campaign in and of itself. It is increasing appetite for independence by virtue of the actions it has taken. I’m not surprised to see a growing appetite for independence. We have had a multitude of factors. There’s not any one single factor that increased the support for independence. I think there has been a multiple attitude of things. It is important to bear in mind where we were prior to this. We faced a decade of austerity from a government we didn’t vote for. We saw things pushed through by another government we didn’t vote for backed by billionaire financiers. When Scotland voted to remain, it didn’t make an ounce of difference. Now we see the pushing through of the internal market Bill. To quote Mark Drakeford, the Welsh first minister that this is an enormous power grab, and we’re seeing a shoring up, a concentration of powers in Westminster from devolved -- that matters most now because what that does is set the standards going forward for goods and services. That’s important because we are heading into trade deals. I’d argue it is not going to be the UK government setting the standards; it is probably going to be the US and whoever our future trade deals are with and we are going to see a race to the bottom and I think it is eminently clear that areas like our NHS will be on the table. We have already seen concerns from farmers, from environmental campaigners and unions about what the prospect of that might be.Audience Speaker [00:01:40] Thank you, Fiona. Do you think that this pandemic has been managed better by Nicola Sturgeon in Scotland than it has by Boris Johnson in England? 

Fiona Bruce [00:01:52] Kate. 

Kate Forbes [00:01:54] Well, I don’t think it is a competition because every government is responsible with the trust of the people to manage this pandemic in a way that sees the virus suppressed and also trying to manage the other harms, whether those are economic, social or other health harms. We’ve seen from some of the polling, certainly even this week, that, I think, about three-quarters of people in Scotland are satisfied with the way that Nicola Sturgeon has handled the pandemic. 

Fiona Bruce [00:02:18] She is handling it better-than-Boris Johnson? 

Kate Forbes [00:02:24] I think it is one of the most challenging situations for any leader to be in. At the very beginning she said we’re going to make mistakes. She has been upfront right throughout with integrity and honesty that things have been challengingMark Walport [00:12:56] Yes, what we have to do to get on top of this infection and that involves tight social restrictions of movement and only then will public health measures work effectively. We have to get them working. The real opportunity is leadership from what has been done abroad rather than having fruitless internal competitions about whether Scotland or England is doing better. They could both do better. 

Fiona Bruce [00:13:22] Susan. 

Audience Speaker [00:13:26] Picking up a point that Mr Ross has done, that nothing different was done but that doesn’t equate to the clear public opinion polls as to who has handled it better. So surely it comes down to communication from the two governments, whereas obviously we have very clear communication daily for Nicola Sturgeon and yet not from Boris Johnson. Is that, do you think, Douglas, what the difference in opinion polls isAudience Speaker 1 [00:25:14] Can the panel please explain to me, following on from Martin’s question, how the government is going to expect providers in the hospitality sector like pubs and wine bars to be able to pay wages of 20 percent when businesses have closed and transpires no money coming in. It doesn’t add up. 

Fiona Bruce [00:25:32] Graham. 

Audience Speaker 2 [00:25:34] Again, increased lockdown the level of differences across the four nations is adding to the confusion. Is it a case that actually it is a rule for some but not for me because I’ll pretend I’m in Cardiff for the purposes of the meeting I’m having or the lunch I’m having. It is too difficult for people to interpret the rules. It is too easy for them to interpret it for themselves. So looking at the SAGE advice and making the lockdown nationwide has to be the way forward. 

Fiona Bruce [00:26:02] Colin. 

Audience Speaker 3 [00:26:04] I think there’s a point being missed by a lot of the panel that Mark only just mentioned at the end of his point. The lockdown is supposed to be time to break the chain of infection and give time to bring up the testing and tracing system to a suitable level so that that takes over and bring down the levels. Why are we not hearing enough about that?David Ross [00:39:56] That’s not fair. 

Kate Forbes [00:39:58] It is a primary source of funding that is the principal area means by which we have to mitigate the effects. Now we worked together, but I think it is ludicrous that just as we are seeing the rate of infection increase, and the likelihood of restrictions, we’re seeing the end of what has been a life line. I accept, I have been open and honest, that it has been a life line for many businesses. Now is not the time to end it. Everybody can see it, every business the length and breadth of the country can see it but the chancellor can’t appear to see it. 

David Ross [00:40:36] In fairness, you and the Labour Party welcomed, when the Chancellor announced the replacement furlough, you both welcomed it at the time. You said it was right there was a replacement. But to say you were waiting for the chancellor to outline any further support you could give, the chancellor has said Scotland will get 700 million more. 

Kate Forbes [00:40:56] Or on Friday. 

David Ross [00:40:58] Why today did Nicola Sturgeon say it would be 40 million going to the businesses.Kate Forbes [00:41:52] The two points I would make is small grants of 500 pound is no replacement for the furlough scheme. Point number 2 is that 700 million pound, that does not just cover business support. That’s for health, transport, and a whole host of other things. The third point is the business support we put in place is more generous than the UK government support. 

Kate Forbes [00:42:16] At the moment in the rest of the UK if you’re obliged by law to close you’ll get a grant. But all the businesses in the supply chain won’t get funding, the businesses impacted won’t get funding. In Scotland we provided funding for those required to close, but also in the supply chain. I think that’s the breadth of support that we need to see. But let’s not kid ourselves, 1,500 pounds of grant, as important as it is, is no replacement for the furlough schemePart 36
Fiona Bruce [00:44:22] How much responsibility do you think the Westminster government has to play in the support for union here. 
David Ross [00:44:26] I’ve said in my speech to party embassy -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:44:30] For independence, I said union. 
David Ross [00:44:32] I knew where you were going with. I said to party members we need to do far more. All of us do, all of us who believe in the union have to work far harder to promote that case of what Scotland gets from the union. 
Fiona Bruce [00:44:44] Have you spoken to the prime minister about it? 
David Ross [00:44:48] I have. I have spoken to the prime minister, to MPs, to previous MPs and politicians from respective governments. It is something, since when we had the referendum in Scotland that voted for the Scottish Parliament to be reestablished and since devolution in 1999 I think there has been a feeling in London by successive UK governments of devolving and forgetting. That disinterest only aids the nationalist cause. For me, there are so many things to be passionate about for the union, what we should be fighting for. That argument is as strong today as 6 years ago when we had the referendum in 2014.Kate Forbes
[00:49:48] I would disagree with that. I do have a very vested interest in ensuring that the UK delivers for Scotland. But on this I agree with Douglas in his maiden speech a few weeks ago where he stated that his Conservative bosses don’t care about Scotland. That is the bottom line and that is why we’re seeing an increase in the polls. The polls are indicative of public opinion, but we had the 9th conservative poll showing support for independence.
Fiona Bruce
[00:50:18] Do you think the falling out between Nicola Sturgeon and Alex Salmond has been helpful?
Kate Forbes
[00:50:26] More people are interested in suppressing the virus and making decisions about their long-term future because they can see -- the polls prove this point -- they can see that Scotland’s best interests are served by a Scottish government. The question for me is what is the democratic route to delivering that. That is a question I would pose to the Conservatives. It is unsustainable and it is undemocratic to keep saying no. We have to have a consistent increase in the polls. We have another poll yesterday saying that two-thirds of people in Scotland think that there should be another referendum in the next five years years.

Fiona Bruce [00:08:02] Select Committee, who do you think. 
Seema Malhotra [00:08:08] The numbers are clearly moving in the wrong direction. That’s across Scotland as well as England. My worry is that neither government are learning from the mistakes that were made very early on. The UK UK government, it seems to me, has lost control of the virus. They are losing confidence. They’re no longer following scientific advice. We have not seen Nicola Sturgeon come forward to follow the scientific advice that came through in the way that it did from SAGE. Under the SNP government you’ve already mentioned that we have the highest R rate in the UK. Both governments were far too slow in setting up test, track and isolate or test and protect. And my worry is with those businesses and livelihoods at stake now, if we don’t have a way that both governments are going to learn from what has gone wrong and be honest and open about it and work together more closely, we are going to go into a winter where it will be much more difficult for all of us. That is why Labour has called this week, as you know, for a two to three-week circuit break in line with SAGE advice.Fiona Bruce [00:10:18] Do you support what Andy Burnham is saying, a Labour man, in terms of he doesn't want to see a further lockdown in his area, despite what you are saying? Seema Malhotra [00:10:26] I think one of the critical things is it hasn't been felt the way the decisions are made and the way the local leaders are involved is in any way near what we need to see. I don't understand why we have both a UK government that has over many years seen cut to local government, that has made local government less resilient, also the Scottish government has cut funding to local government in Scotland by much more than has been cut in terms of budgets from Westminster. This lack of resilience has made it increasingly difficult. But what we have seen is that local authority, when they have been able to go about track and trace, have actually been doing far better than the Serco and others on who the government is spending 12 billion. Also, the key thing that financial support has to go hand in hand with those restrictions. The government has not had the trust of local authority and local leaders that that is happening.Kate Forbes [00:17:56] The most important lesson to learn is moving quickly. If we learned anything back in March, it is the quicker you act, the faster you can suppress the virus and get it under control. Seema talked about the need for a circuit breaker. She may be aware we are in the midst of increased lockdown restrictions. We have national restrictions right across Scotland right now. The idea is working quickly and decisively with this two-week period to try to bring the numbers under control. It is that acting quickly that matters. Fiona Bruce [00:18:32] It is a puzzle, and I’m not sure you’ll have the answer. But if, as you say, Nicola Sturgeon is acting quickly and her communication skills are good, why is the infection rate so high in Scotland? Kate Forbes [00:18:48] You are talking about the R number.Fiona Bruce [00:18:48] It is pretty important. 

Kate Forbes [00:18:52] It is important, but what we look at is the rates per 100,000. That's what matters. In terms of across the UK, if you look at the figures rising, the prime minister announced his three-tier approach. I'm not sure that will go far enough in terms of suppressing the virus in the way we need to. We're in the midst of a two-week increased lockdown right now. But it is not just about communication. This requires the public's consent and it requires political leaders to treat the public like adults. We are dependent on the public following the rules and regulations and understanding the evidence behind it. That is the key to communication. That's what I think distinguishes the First Minister from the prime minister. 

Fiona Bruce [00:19:30] Let's hear from Toby.Fiona Bruce [00:30:52] Douglas, hearing what Miriam and Ian have said, in terms of young people's unemployment and the furlough falling off a cliff, do you think Boris Johnson should be doing more? It is not falling off a point. What we have is the furlough scheme -- Fiona Bruce [00:31:10] It is significantly reduced in terms of the money people are going to get. David Ross [00:31:14] It has protected 9.6 million jobs across the United Kingdom, 40 billion of taxpayers money has been invested protecting the jobs. 13.85 billion going to the self employed with 5 million claims. This has been significant and one of the most generous schemes anywhere in the world. Fiona Bruce [00:31:34] You have the mayor of Greater Manchester in open revolt. This is not good for Boris Johnson. He has a fight on his hand.Fiona Bruce [00:52:04] Can I just get the rest of the panel. We’re beginning to run out of time. Seema, the question is how long can the UK government continue denying the Scottish to have have a say. If Keir Starmer was prime minister would he give them that right? 

Seema Malhotra [00:52:22] We said we will be going into the next Scottish elections opposed to a referendum and independence. I think it comes back to the point that we’re in the middle of a pandemic. It is very surprising to me that Kate talked about investment and she talked about the polling data, but I’m surprised she didn’t mention, for example, that the child poverty figures out today show that child poverty in Scotland is at 24 percent and rising and rising as well in Nicola Sturgeon’s own constituency, in Glasgow. I think we’re missing the point about what we should be really focused on. People’s health, jobs, the economy, education. Children this year who have seen a disrupted education, it is not going to magically correct itself next year. Look, I just feel that the last thing people are going to want is another divisive referendum when there is such important issues to focus on just to rebuild a health system with our NHS currently under strain, with a lot more to come, our economy with jobs possible not back to pre-Covid levels for 2 or 3 years. With the education, retraining, with older people losing their jobs and catching up with younger people. I think these are the critical issues. That’s why the Scottish Labour Party has been focusing on these issues. That’s what they will want to be talking about. This is where so much of the polling also shows that people’s priorities are across the United KingdomSeema Malhotra
I’ll make this final point. People in my constituency, myself, many others, across the United Kingdom have friends and family in Scotland. We remember how divisive the last referendum was. Then we saw the Brexit referendum with all the division that brought. I think people want a period of healing. They want the whole country to be working together. That’s certainly where Keir Starmer is focused. Because if he is prime minister, as I hope he will be, he wants to be prime minister of the whole of the United Kingdom. I think that’s how we’ll tackle these major issues like child poverty, like aspiration and like prosperity to make sure that reaches all parts of our nation.
Mark Walport[00:54:44] 
My father, 100 in two weeks time, was born in Glasgow, my mother in London, my wife’s family came from Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Manchester and the south of England. I was in a health service where people came from all over the world and the great science being done in the UK is international. I think my answer is obvious.
Fiona Bruce[00:55:08] 
We have little time left. I want to get around a few if I can. Lucas.Fiona Bruce[0:03:05]And just to be very precise about the Equality Human Rights Commission report, it found political interference in antisemitism complaints. Didn’t use the word cover up. But political interference nonetheless. Nick, this is not a comfortable day for you I would imagine. You also were part of the front bench during all of this. What do you have to say?Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:03:26]Well, firstly this is a shameful day for the Labour party. We accept the findings of the Equality and Human Rights report in their entirety, and we will act on the recommendations. But first and foremost I want to acknowledge the hurt that has been caused to the Jewish community over the past five years. Kier Starmer has expressed our profound sorrow for this. We are profoundly sorry for that hurt that has been caused. Today’s report, it’s an appalling, damning report that is before us, but we now have to act upon the recommendations of that report. I never thought I’d be sitting on your show, Fiona, after the last Labour government created the Equality and Human Rights Commission and actually be speaking about an investigation in findings into the Labour party itself, but that’s where we are. We will now work to ensure that yes, our complaints processes are improved, that they are independent, they are where they should be. But we will do more than that. The answer to this isn’t just about process, important though that is, it’s about changing the culture of our party so that it is a place where everybody feels welcome and everybody feels safe. What Kier Starmer has done today with a decisive speech of moral clarity is to show the way towards that. I know there is a long way to go, but Keir’s speech and our commitment to taking action on this is the start of that road.Fiona Bruce [0:20:42] Let’s hear a bit more from our audience. Lots of hands up. Donna.
Female Aud 3 [0:20:43] Just going back to the culture of the Labour party, I think since the appointment of Keir Starmer I think he really has a stamped a clear message regarding it. Okay, yes, we can’t turn back what’s happened, but hopefully the message he’s sent out with obviously the dismissal of Rebecca Long Baily early doors I think that sends hopefully a clearer message going forward.
Fiona Bruce [0:21:13] Alex.
Male Aud 1 [0:21:14] As a young person that’s been brought up being taught about the horrors of the holocaust I feel like it’s absolutely ludicrous that things like this are still happening in today’s politics, and people need to be held accountable for it.
Marie van der Zyl[ 0:21:27] I agree. Absolutely. You don’t expect antisemitism in the opposition party. It’s unimaginable. Let alone being found guilty of victimisation and harassment.
Fiona Bruce [0:21:37] Miles.
Male Aud 2 [0:21:39] Good evening. I think it’s a terrible shame to see what the Labour party did, but as MPs how are we going to change that in the future so there is no hate crime in any political party anywhere. For anybody that does work for the government, who wants to become a member of parliament, they know that they are safe where they’re working.Fiona Bruce[0:13:26]Let’s hear from our audience. Jane P.
Female Aud 1[0:13:29]I like everybody has been horrified by this story as it’s unfolded over the years, and we’ve heard today that the Labour party are legally accountable, but really they are an entity, and surely there must be some individual people held accountable. Are there any legal redresses that will ensure that the people behind this really are accountable? It’s one thing being expelled from your political party, but to me that isn’t enough for the situation that’s happened. To drag hate crime into politics is a pretty serious thing, and so against the British way of life.
Fiona Bruce[0:14:15]Paula.
Female Aud 2[0:14:18]Thank you, Fiona. I want to come back on Nick’s point where he said that don’t judge by words but judge by actions. Prejudice is often displayed through words and words do matter. And I want to come back to Chris because he’s very quickly gone in and criticised Keir Starmer, but I would remind him that the Conservative party has also been accused of racism against people of Islamic faith, so when can we look forward to an investigation into their practices and see some apologies and of course some criticism from the top there too?Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:06:12]No, no, that’s an unfair characterisation of what I said in the interview, with respect, Fiona. What I said was that the NEC were right to look at it again because of the decision that they'd made. They had to look at it again. They did look at it again, and then they made the right decision. But, look, I will speak about the fact that I raised the issue of antisemitism with members of the shadow cabinet. I wasn’t in the shadow cabinet. I also when I was out on the media said that more action had to be taken on antisemitism. Keir Starmer spoke in the shadow cabinet about it, he spoke out on the media about it. But the reality is this, we all have to accept today the failure of collective leadership. That is what that report makes absolutely clear. I’m not shying away from it, I accept every dot and comma of that report. What I would say today is over the period that I’ve been Shadow Home Secretary we are under this new leadership of Keir Starmer, we’ve made tackling antisemitism a very top priority. What I’ve always asked is to be judged on actions, not words. I see today as the start of that, and Keir Starmer showing this morning through that speech what we are now going to do and what we will now do to try and ensure that this scourge of antisemitism is driven out of our party and it is a safe and welcoming place, which is the Labour party that I want to see.
Chris Philp MP[0:07:38]Keir Starmer had five years to take action, and in those five years, in the shadow cabinet, supporting Jeremy Corbyn, he did nothing, and I think he should apologise for that.Bonnie Greer[0:07:44]Can I just say, I want to talk about trauma, because sometimes politicians talk about issues and they talk about things that I call cold and they don’t talk about things that are hot, and one of those is trauma. I’m a former Deputy Chair of the British Museum, and I was invited back there about a year and a half ago by the director to create a project around reclamation, and we decided to look at African enslavement and enslavement of people of African ancestry, and to look at trauma. The trauma that people can hold inside of themselves, even if you didn’t experience it yourself, is handed down by generation through generation through generation through generation, and it’s real.For me, if a black person tells me they’re not safe, they don’t feel safe in an environment, that it feels racist and it is racist, I listen. We have to listen, because of that trauma of enslavement. And I’m going to say the same thing about the Jewish people. If Jewish people tell you some places aren’t safe for them, they don’t feel good, it feels bad, they’re holding trauma, and we have to understand that. We have to begin to talk about that. People may think it’s trivial or it didn’t exist or it doesn’t mean anything, but the holocaust was the greatest crime of the 20th century, and we need to teach it in the schools and we need to understand it at every level that it exists, just as we need to understand the transatlantic slave trade and its impact on people of African descent today, we need to understand the holocaust and what it means to Jewish people and to Jews and those of us who aren’t Jews. And for the Labour party, I can’t even express how I feel, that the Labour party is caught up in this. I’m a Labour voter. I will always vote Labour. I became a citizen so that I could vote Labour. I will always vote for the Labour party because I think it’s the best coalition of the left for this country. But for this party to be caught up in something like this makes me sick. And I don’t want to hear it. I don’t want to hear all the other stuff. It needed to be dealt with immediately, at the top, with immediate due diligence. Now, whether Jeremy is an anti-Semite or what, how would I know that? He doesn’t seem like one to me, but how would I know? The people who know are the people who feel it, and that’s who should be listened to.
script-8-5november2020






Fiona Bruce[0:14:50]Yes, Chris, we’re still waiting for a report from the Conservative party into prejudice. It was announced last year. When are we going to see that?Chris Philp MP[0:14:57]Well, that report is underway. It’s independent. It’s being conducted by a former commissioner from the ECHR…Fiona Bruce[0:15:01]But Paula’s asking when will we see it?Chris Philp MP[0:15:04]Well, the work is underway. I can’t give you a date tonight, but the work is underway.Fiona Bruce[0:15:09]Because it’s been almost a year now.Chris Philp MP[0:15:09]But I would point out there is only one political party in history that’s been investigated by the Equality and Human Rights Commission, that is the Labour party on this antisemitism issue. I would also point to the fact that the Conservatives have appointed the most diverse government in British history. We’re the first party to have appointed an ethnic minority Chancellor of the Exchequer, and a second ethnic minority Chancellor of the Exchequer. We were the first party to appoint an ethnic minority Home Secretary and a second ethnic minority Home Secretary…Bonnie Greer[0:15:35]Chris, Chris, Chris…Chris Philp MP[0:15:36]…so we have appointed the most diverse cabinet as a symbol of our commitment to this important issue.
Bonnie Greer[0:15:41]Chris, that’s what they used to say, the folks, when they were desegregating a neighbourhood, oh, well, we have a black person here in our neighbourhood so we’re cool, we’re all right. That doesn’t wash anymore. Okay. You don’t judge people like that anymore. We look at human beings. Baroness Warsi has been on you…not you personally, but on the Conservative party, her party for years about this. This does not excuse or wash over the Labour party. I’m not doing that. But there is housework you need to be doing too, and putting people of colour in the cabinet does not erase that fact.Marie van der Zyl[0:16:22]Can I just…?Fiona Bruce[0:16:23]Yes, go ahead. Then we must bring Anthony in.Marie van der Zyl[0:16:26]Absolutely. I just want to say, look, the Tories do need to acknowledge there is a problem with Islamophobia in the Tory party, and they do acknowledge they need to do something about it. The Board of Deputies did input into the Singh report, but you’ve got to look at scale here. The BNP have also been investigated by the EHRC. But so many people in the Labour party have been investigated. You’re not seeing from the Conservative party MPs fleeing from the party, like Luciana Berger, a pregnant woman at the Labour party conference. She even had to have security. Louise [inaudible 0:17:05], she had to flee the party after 55 years. So you’re not seeing the same level of scale, even though there are problems that have to be addressed in the Conservative party.Part 13
Chris Philp MP[0:19:48] Well, the point I was making is my colleagues in government are not there for reasons of tokenism, they’re there because they’re incredibly talented, energetic, hardworking…
Bonnie Greer[0:19:55]You didn’t hear anything I said.
Chris Philp MP[0:19:56]…dynamic people. And of course I understand we’ve got to dismantle any barriers to anyone achieving their potential, because, in the words of Martin Luther King Junior that Anthony quoted a minute ago, what matters is the content of someone’s character, their ability, their talent. We should be unfettered. People should be able to go as far as they can go…
Bonnie Greer[0:20:10]I never used the word token, you did. You used it twice.
Chris Philp MP[0:20:14]No I didn’t.
Bonnie Greer[0:20:15]I never said token.
Chris Philp MP[0:20:17]He did. Someone did. It wasn’t me.
Bonnie Greer[0:20:18]I never said token.
Marie van der Zyl[0:20:19]I think today we should concentrate a bit more on the Labour party antisemitism, because when you look at what Jeremy Corbyn did this morning in his speech he totally tried to say that it wasn’t so important. He even tried to suggest he’d made improvements, and he’s someone that’s got accept responsibility. And I think the lessons from the Labour party are what we should be really focusing on today.Fiona Bruce[0:21:59]So let’s have a final word from you. One question from Jane is any legal action going to be taken against anyone in the Labour party, and how are you going to change the culture within the party from here on in?

Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:22:12]Well, firstly, since Keir Starmer became the leader we’ve had, I think it’s up nearly up to around 300 cases in our complaints system. Now, just to give a sense, that’s more than in the whole of 2019. So clearly Keir has been trying to make progress on individuals being held to account since he became leader. But just…

[0:22:33]But Jane was asking very specifically is there any prospect of legal action being taken against anyone in the party as a result of the report that came out today?

Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:22:41]Well, look, I can’t comment on whether individuals want to take legal action around particular bits of the report, but obviously, number one, I say that we will of course be holding people to account. That’s why we’re going to improve our complaints system. And Marie asked me very fairly about how we will do that going forward. We have to put an action plan together now by 10 December. We will be reaching out, and Marie knows this, to the Board of Deputies, to the Jewish Labour movement, the wider Jewish community as we do that to ensure that we do have a system, that there is no political interference, that it’s properly resourced and people are properly trained, that is transparent, that has proper rules about what sanctions are appropriate so everyone can have confidence in that.
But there is, as I say, a wider question here. That process is vitally important and we will put it in place, but there’s a fair challenge too about changing the culture, and we change the culture through leadership. We change it through leadership by what Keir Starmer has been saying and doing over the past six months. I mean, one of the reasons I backed Keir for leader was those conversations I had with him about his determination to tackle this issue. He set that out, made that apology in his acceptance speech back in April, and he’s been putting that into action since. It’s that leadership that’s going to be vital to bring about that cultural change we need. Marie is absolutely right to say that isn’t going to happen overnight, but we are determined to make that happen and to work at it.Fiona Bruce[0:17:16]And, Anthony, let me bring you in here. I mean, how is this looking to you on the other side of the Atlantic?
Anthony Scaramucci[0:17:21]Well, I’m going to light a novena candle and say thank god I’m not involved in British politics. I’ve got my own problems on this side of the pond. But here’s what I would say, and I mean this very respectfully to Chris, and because I’m relating to what Bonnie is saying about tokenism, and I think what we find in our society is that we have to break down the systemic and institutional racism. And so if the racists think you’re a racist, well, guess what, you’re a racist. And if the anti-Semites think you’re an anti-Semite you’re likely an anti-Semite. Even if you’re not doing it intentionally there are systemic and institutional biases, and I think the point that Bonnie’s making, which I’d like to hammer, is that you can’t say, well, one of my best friends is black therefore I’m not a racist. I mean, you just can’t do that. It’s tokenism. What we have to do is what Doctor Martin Luther King Junior said a long time ago is judge each other by the content of our character, not the colour of our skin. And, by the way, I grew up in a very patriarchal Italian American immigrant family, and so you’re also biased by the way you grow up and it’s important for you to seek that enlightenment and to make that transformation, and we need to do it as a culture and a civilisation, and it has to be at the institutional level. So it’s got to be at the Labour level and at the Conservative level, frankly.Fiona Bruce[0:28:59]Bonnie.Bonnie Greer[0:29:00]You know, I want to go back to the question, with respect, to the questioner. We use a term like least worst, what are we selecting, pizzas? This is the problem. We don’t talk about leadership. What does least worst mean? What do we want in a leader? So we’ve got a leader here who we got off the television, basically. And America, he’s off the television too. Is that what we’re about? We need to check ourselves. Our leader is us. If we think the leader is somewhere remote up in the stratosphere we’re going to get what we deserve. I don’t know what least worse is. I’ve lived through a lot of presidents and I know what a leader is, and we need to talk about leadership. That’s one of the problems with the Labour party and the problems with the Conservative party. It’s a leadership issue. It’s a leadership issue. And, Anthony, let me just say something to you. First of all, let me give you your respect. The last two years you have been incredible in terms of coming clean on TV in front of people, you published a book, you’re behind the incredible Lincoln Project of Conservatives and Republicans who are actually trying to save conservatism and make it decent again.But the other thing that you did, because of your charisma, your intelligence, you normalised Donald Trump, and that’s the problem. And I’m not saying it’s just you, I’m talking about all of you very intelligent people at the beginning who flocked around this man because of your political beliefs. Donald Trump was out of order for 30 years. It just didn’t happen. So we’re now having to deal with talking about least worse as if we’re talking about choosing a television host instead of a leader of the free world. This is horrible. This is a horrible position for us to be in. And so I just want to say that to you. And, again, thank you guys for what you’re doing on the right for helping getting Joe elected, but it’s a mess. It’s a terrible, horrible mess. The norms of the United States are in trouble. The norms of this country are in trouble. And norms are what make civilisation, and that’s what we have to go back to at the inauguration.Bonnie Greer[0:32:09]That’s why I gave you your respect at the beginning, Anthony. That’s why I did that. Okay.
Anthony Scaramucci[0:32:11]No, and I appreciate that, but I want everybody to know that’s watching the show you have to be very careful with your decision making because you can get your pride and ego involved with your decision making and then your emotions are going up and your intelligence is going down, and for me, I had a self-narrative that was ego based, I grew up in this blue power family, I had some measure of financial success in the United States and I wanted to work in that White House, and I was normalising the President because I said, okay, he’s the successor of Abraham Lincoln and Dwight Eisenhower, he can’t actually be this crazy…
Bonnie Greer[0:32:45]But he was.
Anthony Scaramucci[0:32:46]…because I was overriding rationality. I have to own that, and I’m just telling that as a cautionary tale for others, try to put your pride and ego aside when you’re making decisions that are political or relationship based or in your business.
Fiona Bruce[0:33:00]Paula.
Female Aud 2[0:33:02]Thank you, Fiona. I hear what Anthony is saying and it seems that some Republicans are getting buyer’s remorse and regretting that Donald Trump is their representative in the presidential race, but they’ve had opportunities through impeachment and others to, as it were, remove him. Why didn’t they take them? Did they put wanting to hold onto power ahead of what was good for their country?
Bonnie Greer[0:33:26]Yes.Fiona Bruce[0:31:22]Anthony, do you want to come back on that?Anthony Scaramucci[0:31:23]Well, if it’s okay, can I respond to Bonnie, would that be okay, just quickly?Fiona Bruce[0:31:26]Of course.Anthony Scaramucci[0:31:28]Okay. So number one, I agree with what you’re saying, but what I would also say to you is that as a lesson, basically, I have tried to own that, Bonnie, in the public domain. I’ve tried to explain to people that…Bonnie Greer[0:31:40]I know you have. I know you have.Anthony Scaramucci[0:31:41]…it was my [inaudible 0:31:42] drew me to Mr Trump. Many of my Republican friends who I would say were mainstream Republicans were doing the same thing. Doesn’t take away from me at all, if anything it makes me accountable for my decision making. I have to live with it for the rest of my life. Having said that, being willing to admit it and being willing to break away and trying to create an off ramp for other people is something I’ve been dedicated to for the last [voices overlap 0:32:08]…Helen Bonnet[0:24:49]Given the global importance of the USA, should people in the UK be concerned that the real choice Americans appear to have is to vote for who they consider is the least worst candidate for the role of President?
Fiona Bruce[0:25:03]Well, Anthony, obviously I’m going to come to you here first. You were Head of Communications for one of those least worst candidates as Helen puts it. What’s your view?
Anthony Scaramucci[0:25:16]Well, it’s the unfortunate by-product of our system. So we get two choices and so some of it is a calibration of exactly what she’s saying. I do agree that there’s a least of the two evils, if you will. But I think this is totally different this time. We have one person that is threatening the system, a 244 year old system known as the American Experiment. We have one person that wants to take polling stations away, remove mail sorting machines, remove post office boxes, and the rhetoric coming from that person is a disaster for the United States. The President of the United States is suggesting that he may or may not accept a peaceful transfer of power. So I’ve called on all patriots of the United States to put aside their partisanship and seek a higher order, which is patriotism, and look at that, and then when you compare that person to the Vice President, he has his shortcomings for sure, but I’m reminded of what Mayor Ed Koch once said about politics, Mayor Koch was campaigning in 1978. He said, well, if you like nine out of the 12 things that I’m saying you should vote for me, but if you like 12 out of the 12 things I’m saying you need a psychiatrist. I think the point being is that there’s no politician that’s perfect in terms of the fingerprint of the voter and the politician. So for me, I want that return to normalcy for the United States. I want it for the world. And so I’ve been a big supporter as a Republican alongside of the Lincoln Project and others here in the United States of the Vice President Joe Biden.Fiona Bruce[0:39:37]It’s going to be a bit tricky for the government, Chris, if Joe Biden gets in isn’t it? He’s had some strong things to say about the internal market bill, for example, as has Nancy Pelosi [inaudible 0:39:48] the Democrats in Congress.Chris Philp MP[0:39:49]Well, I mean, Joe Biden has said he respects the result of the Brexit referendum. And, look, I’m actually on the same page as…Fiona Bruce[0:39:53]No, no, that’s not what I’m referring to, as you well know, Chris. Do you want me to find you the quote? I’ve got it written down here somewhere.Chris Philp MP[0:39:57]While you’re going through…Fiona Bruce[0:40:00]You know what he said.Chris Philp MP[0:40:00]While you’re going through the papers let me just… I’m on broadly the same page as Nick on this actually. I will respect and trust the judgment of the American people in [voices overlap 0:40:09].Fiona Bruce[0:40:09]“Any trade deal between the US and the UK must be contingent upon respect for the Good Friday Agreement preventing the return of a hard border.”Bonnie Greer[0:40:14]Yay.Chris Philp MP[0:18:44] But these appointments I mentioned earlier, they’re not tokenistic. The people I’m talking about, who are my friends and colleagues…
Bonnie Greer[0:18:50]But you talked about it like that, Chris. Chris, you…
Chris Philp MP[0:18:53]Hang on, let me finish the point.
Bonnie Greer[0:18:54]Chris, it’s important. It’s important.
Chris Philp MP[0:18:57]I know it’s important.
Bonnie Greer[0:18:57]It’s important, Chris. Because it’s important for you because you’re a good guy. What Anthony is saying to you and what I’m saying is [inaudible 0:19:03] take it in, it doesn’t matter, okay? What matters is what you do. And that’s what we’re saying. It doesn’t matter that you’ve got a black and brown cabinet. It doesn’t matter. And that’s what people in the streets are about now. It doesn’t matter. It’s what you do. And if you pursue policies and you stay the same way you can have whatever, it don’t matter. And that’s what I’m trying to say to you. That’s what I’m trying to say. It’s important that you get it inside yourself.
Anthony Scaramucci[0:19:31]And by the way, she means it respectfully too. I just want to interject.
Bonnie Greer[0:19:34]Well, I don’t know if I do actually.
Anthony Scaramucci[0:19:37]She means it very respectfully. She’s giving you the benefit of the doubt, you’re not racist, she’s just trying to tell you that you’re in a systematic web where you may not sometimes see things the way…
Bonnie Greer[0:19:44]Well, that’s a south side explanation I’ve given, but…
Anthony Scaramucci[0:19:46]…minorities see them.Part 24Bonnie Greer[0:37:33]No, no, explain that to me, please. I’m asking you, because I don’t understand. I don’t understand how a Jewish person can say that okay, he made peace over there, but yet the antiemetic tropes of QAnon, which is gaining a hold in this country, and Charlottesville, I don’t get it. You have to explain it to me. Honestly, you have to.Marie van der Zyl[0:37:56]I just want to confirm to you that where there have been policies like the travel ban to Muslim countries, the Board of Deputies, we’ve criticised Trump. We don’t hesitate to criticise his policies…Bonnie Greer[0:38:07]But how do you feel about Charlottesville?Fiona Bruce[0:38:08]Okay. Okay. Let me bring Nick in or else…Marie van der Zyl[0:38:13]We’ll carry on all night.Fiona Bruce[0:38:13]Yeah. It’ll be politics just with you two. Riveting though that is, in fairness I must bring the rest of the panel in. Nick, I presume you’re supporting Biden, obviously. Should we be concerned here that we’re looking at the two least worst candidates, as Helen says?Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:38:31]Well, look, it’s a decision for the American people between the two candidates. I don’t think it will come as a surprise to say that if I were in America and able to vote in this election I’d be supporting the Democrats, and obviously I share the concerns about divisive language. Of course I absolutely do, and have spoken out in the past around things like the travel ban. But at the same time I think we have to recognise this election will take place next week. It’s a decision for the American people. And our relationship with America, it’s not related to one President or one era, it goes back over generations. There are cultural, political, economic ties, and there are huge challenges around the world, the coronavirus crisis, climate change just to name two of them, that we have to work with the winner of this presidential election. At the same time of course be a critical friend to America and hold their president to account and be critical too where necessary, and that’s the approach that a Labour government would take to the winner of this presidential election.Part 28 Fiona Bruce[0:43:19] Nick, I’m just going to jump in because not only… Nick. Nick, I’m so sorry, I’m just going to jump in because not only are you in a circuit breaker it looks like your computer’s having a bit of a circuit breakdown as well…
Bonnie Greer[0:43:30]Yeah.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:30]…and we can hear you but we can’t see you.
Bonnie Greer[0:43:32]I’d say he’s gone too.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:32]So I will try and come back to you as soon as we manage to get that reinstated. Chris, coming back to the question, you’ve got France and Germany and the devolved administrations in lockdown of a sort. Germany is going to lockdown, it’s got half as many new cases a day as us and a fraction of the number of deaths every day. Surely it’s just a matter of time isn’t it?
Chris Philp MP[0:43:54]Well, each country’s different, and we need to carefully balance the right approach for our country. Now, we have different parts…
Fiona Bruce[0:44:00]But surely… I know you’re not going to come on here tonight and say yes, we’re definitely going to introduce a lockdown, but anyone listening and looking at the graphs must be thinking it’s just a matter of time.
Chris Philp MP[0:44:12]Look, I think we have really different circumstances in different regions of the country. For example, the East of England only has one quarter the cases that the North West does. The world…
Fiona Bruce[0:44:19]But cases are rising everywhere.
Marie van der Zyl[0:52:53]Public Health England, quite so, report from the government. I think what’s got to be sensible here is a pragmatic approach, an integrated approach. We are seeing local lockdowns. We may have to see national lockdowns here. But what we need is effective, quick testing, and we need the track and trace up and working. We don’t want it to be overwhelmed. But yes, it does need leadership, but I can’t say that I’m in favour of the Swedish model because that…

Bonnie Greer[0:53:21]It’s herd immunity.

Marie van der Zyl [0:53:22]…is not working.

Fiona Bruce[0:53:23]No.

Marie van der Zyl[0:53:24]It’s obvious. The figures seem really large in America, but you’ve got to remember the population is so much bigger here. But we of course are horrified at seeing these super-spreader events. So there’s no easy answer. It’s the only time I can remember in my lifetime though where the whole world is cooperating on a vaccine at least. Even that’s not going to solve the problem. But what’s the answer? I can’t give you thatFiona Bruce[0:53:51]Well, Billy, you’re a doctor, and you talk to your colleagues on the frontline. What is the answer? What’s your view?Male Aud 6[0:54:01]There’s not an easy solution I’m afraid to the current problem. Certainly adopting the Swedish model would adversely affect the health and wellbeing of many NHS and health and social care staff. Also, I don’t think the test and trace system is a solution at this point in time either. The system is most effective in the early stages of a pandemic. As case numbers rise we need to become less reliant on the test and trace system and more reliant on social distancing and, in fact, full lockdown measures. The problem is the rate of infection rises beyond the capacity of the test and trace system quite quickly.Fiona Bruce [0:33:29] David.
Male Aud 3 [0:33:29] Can I ask all the panel what they think will happen in the United States if Mr Trump is re-elected? Will they remain United?
Fiona Bruce [0:33:39] All right. We’ll come to that in a moment. William, you had your hand up.
Male Aud 4 [0:33:44] Trump’s very divisive in what he does. He’s looking after number one I think. But unfortunately there’s millions of votes for him, so it might be closer than you think next week.
Fiona Bruce [0:33:55] Marie, the question from Helen was should people in the UK be concerned, and Donald Trump is behind in the polls, steadily behind at the moment, but who knows what could happen. Are you concerned?
Marie van der Zyl [0:34:08] I definitely think I’m concerned, because whatever happens in the US is going to impact right round the world. In terms of the Jewish community, a recent poll from the American Jewish Committee said that 75 per cent of Jews would vote Democrat, and certainly Trump has been a very divisive figure. Personally for me he hasn’t disavowed himself of his associations with the right wing or white supremacists. But in terms of foreign policy he has done some good things. With the Middle East, for example, he has helped to normalise relations with Israel and Dubai and other countries…
Fiona Bruce [0:34:55] The UAE and Bahrain.
Marie van der Zyl [0:34:56] With the UAE and Bahrain recently.
Bonnie Greer [0:34:57] [No doubt 0:34:56] the Palestinians.
Marie van der Zyl [0:34:59] And of course we’ve got Brexit, which hasn’t yet been mentioned on this programme.
Fiona Bruce [0:35:03] It’s very…yeah. It doesn’t happen as often as it used to.
Bonnie Greer [0:35:04] I’m about to. I’m about to.Chris Philp MP[0:44:21]The World Health Organisation, and indeed the Deputy Chief Medical Officer, Professor Van-Tam, have both said the regional approach makes sense. We have to balance the profound impact that a hard lockdown would have on children’s education, on mental health, on people seeking, for example, cancer treatment, on jobs. We have to balance those considerations against the health consideration and try and get it right. Respect the fact, understand the fact that things are working differently in different parts of the country. So that is why this careful balance, very well calibrated balanced approach has been taken. Now, clearly that will be kept under review and if the facts change a different decision may be taken in the future. But it’s the right approach.Fiona Bruce[0:45:00]Seriously, Chris, I’m just listening to you go through that, and I’ve got no crystal ball and I have no medical knowledge, but just watching the graphs, watching that cases are increasing everywhere, are you going to end up coming back here in two weeks, three weeks and saying we’ve watched the facts, they’ve changed now, we’re going for a lockdown? Chris Philp MP[0:40:14]Well, that’s a bit of luck, because we plan to respect the Good Friday Agreement. In fact we’ve been…Fiona Bruce[0:40:18]Well, he’s concerned that you’re not, which is why I made the point…Chris Philp MP[0:40:18]Well, we’ve been…Fiona Bruce[0:40:21]…as you well know. So my point is are you concerned that if Biden wins the relationship between the British government and America might be slightly less warm?Chris Philp MP[0:40:28]No, I’m not concerned, for two reasons. Firstly, we intend to respect the Good Friday Agreement. We have been bending over backwards to respect the Good Friday Agreement for the last three or four years since the Brexit vote happened, so I’ve got no concerns at all on that front. But to make a more general point, the Conservatives in government have worked closely with Republican presidents like Dwight Eisenhower and Ronald Regan. We’ve worked closely with Democrat presidents like Franklin Delano Roosevelt, like Clinton, like Obama, and, to be fair, Labour governments in office have done the same as well. So whoever occupies the White House as the world’s leading economy, as our closest and longest standing ally we will always work closely and cooperatively with America whoever occupies that great office. I trust the American people to make their own decision. I’m not sure, Bonnie, do you have a vote, Bonnie, in this election? do you have a vote, Bonnie, in this election?Greer[0:41:12]Well, I'm an American citizen, of course I do. Chris Philp MP[0:41:15]Great.Bonnie Greer[0:41:14]And I have one here as well.Chris Philp MP[0:41:17]Okay. You’re very lucky then.Bonnie Greer[0:41:17]Let me just point out to you…Fiona Bruce[0:41:18]Briefly, Bonnie, because I do want to move on to another subject.Bonnie Greer[0:41:20]…that Nancy Pelosi, leader of the House, and she will be leader of the House on Tuesday, she ratifies the deal. So I hope you guys are right that you’re not disturbing the GFA. Joe Biden is Irish.Chris Philp MP[0:41:32]Of course.Bonnie Greer[0:41:34]Joe Biden is Irish. Joe Biden is Irish. He’s not going to play with that.Chris Philp MP[0:41:36]Well, nor are we. Nor are we.Bonnie Greer[0:41:38]Okay, good.Anthony Scaramucci[0:51:46]I mean, who does this? We’re talking about leadership. One of the things that both countries need right now is direct points of honesty and stop shading things, stop spinning things, just say look, here are the facts, this is what we have to do as a country…Bonnie Greer[0:52:00]Be a leader. Just lead.Anthony Scaramucci[0:52:01]…we want to make ourselves less sick. President of the United States has made our country sicker, weaker and poorer. Can’t speak for the British Prime Minister, you guys know that politics better than I do. We’ve got to cut it out. Got to cut it out. So that’s it.Fiona Bruce[0:52:15]So, Marie, bringing you back to Paul’s question, why is the UK government so reluctant to follow suit of other countries like France and Germany that are going into various permutations of a lockdown?Marie van der Zyl[0:52:26]Well, we have to remember that some of the countries that did really well the first time round are now also taking emergency measures and they’re in lockdown, and here in the UK the Jewish community have suffered heavily with death, as have many people from ethnic minorities. I want to commend the report of Doreen Lawrence, and I know that there has been the PHE report as well, and…Fiona Bruce[0:52:51]The Public Health England report.Marie van der Zyl[0:35:06]Absolutely. Coming up, and at the moment the UK has a very strong relationship with the US, a special relationship, and of course I’m bound to be very concerned, if there was a Biden President will that relationship carry on? But what I haven’t…
Fiona Bruce[0:35:21]So would you rather it was Trump?
Marie van der Zyl[0:35:23]I want somebody with the right values. Values are what matter to me. Because we’re talking about worse and least worse, but I want to see the person who’s got those values, who’s going to be a leader. We’ve seen what’s happened with the Labour party in this country…
Fiona Bruce[0:35:36]So which of the two would it be, just out of interest?
Marie van der Zyl[0:35:37]I think it’s a very difficult position. I’m not a US citizen, but I am looking for values, and, as I said, historically the Jewish community, 75 per cent of them would usually be voting Democrats. But I’m very, very worried at the outcome whatever happens.
Bonnie Greer[0:35:58]How can you make peace with two countries that Israel’s not even at war with? Okay. And number two, leaving the Palestinians out of anything, anything…they weren’t even at the table. How can…?Fiona Bruce[0:50:40]And from your personal knowledge of Donald Trump what’s driving his reaction to coronavirus? Is it, as many have said, purely electioneering, or is it something more than that?Anthony Scaramucci[0:50:52]It’s personality. I mean, he’s the most insecure person that you could ever meet in your life, Fiona, so he’s [reflexively contrary and if he has Jim inaudible 0:50:58] in front of him telling him what to do, he’ll do the opposite. If he has Anthony Fauci in front of him he’ll tell him to do the opposite. He’s insecure about having experts that make him feel inferior, and so he’s classically mishandling things. So I think that’s one of the more startling things about him, you think about his achievements. He ascended to the American presidency but yet he’s not somebody who can handle conversations intellectually with experts. He wants to run the American presidency as a one man West End or Broadway play. It’s nonsensical. And so there’s great frustration in the United States. He’s politicised the science, he’s lied to people about the science, and he’s right now as we’re speaking flying around the battleground states creating super-spreader events.Bonnie Greer[0:51:45]Super-spreader events.
Fiona Bruce[0:56:56]Paul, you asked the question. Do you want to have the last word on that?Male Aud 7[0:57:00]Yeah, thank you, Fiona. Yes. I lost my father and my wife both to longstanding health issues in 2019.Fiona Bruce[0:57:10]Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that.Male Aud 7[0:57:12]And I actually feel fortunate that they died last year because we were able to give them a dignified and fitting funeral. The families of almost 46,000 COVID victims, which you’re broadcasting from Lincoln, is half the population of Lincoln… Go onto Lincoln High Street whenever, every other person you see, that is the level that people are dying. Any delay to a second national lockdown only risks the similar number of families suffering this heartache where you can’t be at your loved one’s bedside when they take that last breath, you can’t even give them a fitting and dignified send off. It is appalling, and it needs to happen now, tonight, from half past ten, half past 11. Not three weeks in the future. It needs to happen now.Fiona Bruce[0:58:15]Well, you’ve made your point, Paul. And I’m so sorry for your loss last year. Thank you very much for that.Female Aud 3[0:45:53]Eight months. Yeah. So I’d just like to come back to that point. So me and my husband have been in shielding since obviously 23 March. 
Just to give you a brief idea, my husband part way through this went onto kidney dialysis. So my question really is, the shielding group, the 2.2 million people at the end of March that got these letters who were petrified to go out of their homes, we couldn’t even go into our gardens, now the cases are going absolutely through the roof, where is the common sense…? 
And I know obviously there is treatments, but can I just highlight, there’s thousands of people waiting for organ donations across this country, and, as I spoke to Fiona earlier, the plight of my husband and many others in the same situation, he’s been put on a list to be taken off the list to be put back on the list. 
Now, my fear is that we’re going to get back to routine operations, transplantation getting stopped. It’s already happening in Leeds, it’s already happening in Nottingham, and you talk about the tier system. 
Now, I live in West Lindsey which at the minute is relatively low in tier one, however literally to the two miles at the side of me is Nottinghamshire who’ve gone into tier three from Friday, and also bordering is South Yorkshire, and from I think Saturday we’ve now got North Lincolnshire and East Hull.So with all due respect, it’s a matter of time before… 
So surely we should jump on this bandwagon now before it gets any worse.Fiona Bruce[0:41:40]Let’s take another question now. I can’t believe we’re coming to it this late in the programme in one sense, because it’s been first in the programme for months now. Paul Stalibrass.
Paul Stalibrass[0:41:51]Yes, good evening, Fiona. Good evening panel. Anthony Scaramucci recent study from Imperial forecasting suggests that COVID-19 deaths in wave two could far exceed those in wave one. Given that France, Germany and UK devolved administrations are either in or have announced a total lockdown, why is the UK government so reluctant to follow suit?
Fiona Bruce[0:42:17]Nick.
Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:42:19]Well, I’m speaking to you from Wales, Fiona, this evening, and I’m not in the studio because of course we are in day six of our fire breaker, our 17 day fire breaker here in Wales, and that action is being taken here in Wales to try to get on top of the virus, and I think that that is the appropriate thing to do. I think if we look at the situation in England I think we are at a critical moment. Keir Starmer argued for a circuit breaker of two to three weeks. I understand that time is passing, of course it is, but I think it is [inaudible 0:43:00] action is required. And I think it is absolutely clear what we have to do now is to make sure that we not only have that circuit breaker but also that time is used to get on top of test, trace and isolate [voices overlap 0:43:18]…Fiona Bruce
[0:47:36]
Carl, you’ve got your hand up, and I know 
you’re working as a contact tracer at the moment, so you’ve got a very 
particular view of this. What’s your response?Male Aud 5
[0:47:45]
Yeah,
 I am. Well, I think we’ve already proved that lockdowns don’t work. 
We’ve tried them before, and all it’s doing is kicking the can down the 
road…Marie van der Zyl
[0:47:55]
Yep.Male Aud 5
[0:47:56]
…and as soon as you let people out again people are back to square one being exposed to the virus, so…Fiona Bruce
[0:48:03]
So what do you think the answer is?Male Aud 5
[0:48:06]
Well,
 I think we should start looking at different models, like Sweden, for 
example. Sweden tried a completely different approach to anywhere else 
pretty much in Europe and have had no massive rise in cases…Bonnie Greer
[0:48:19]
But they have.Male Aud 5
[0:48:20]
…any
 different to anywhere else in Europe. They didn’t lockdown, they’ve 
just enforced the social distancing. Bars stayed open, pubs stayed open,
 schools stayed open…Bonnie Greer
[0:48:28]
But Sweden’s in trouble.Male Aud 5
[0:48:30]
…and people carried on pretty much as normal.[Voices overlap 0:48:33]Bonnie Greer
[0:48:33]
Sweden’s in trouble.Fiona Bruce
[0:48:34]
There were quite a few restrictions in Sweden.Marie van der Zyl
[0:48:36]
Yeah.Bonnie Greer
[0:48:37]
Sweden’s in trouble. They tried herd immunity. That’s what you’re talking about. And Sweden got in some trouble with that. The lady who spoke, I commiserate with her. I’ve been separated from my husband since February. We can’t be together. The same thing in the United States, we don’t have any leadership. We don’t have a leader. This isn’t some kind of thing you put on a graph and stand behind a podium and talk to people holding graphs up and charts. The only truth here is COVID. COVID is the truth. And then you move from there and we work to unite the country. We’re all in this together. We’re in this together. We’re not tiers and all of this, we’re together. So we need a leader who can talk to us together. The United States of America has 51 solutions running around there because the leadership refuses to take responsibility. We need a leader here.
Fiona Bruce
[0:49:44]
Anthony.
Anthony Scaramucci
[0:49:47]
Well, I mean, I agree once again. I think that the biggest problem is again…thinking about what Joe Biden was saying, he wants to shut down the virus but not necessarily the economy, and so if you just went to the protocol and standards in South Korea who had experience with MERS and SARS and we just copied their best practices we would be well on our way, whether it’s the United Kingdom or the United States. I’ll just point out, South Korea, 20 deaths per million on a per capita basis. United States 620 deaths per million. I know the United Kingdom is suffering alongside the United States. So to me it’s very simple. We have a tendency for myopia, we have a tendency to think that our Anglo Saxon way of doing things is a priority, but I think we should be copying the South Koreans right now and adopting their practices and then you will see both of our economies flourish.
Marie van der Zyl[0:10:29]It's been an incredibly painful day. It's a damning incitement of Labour. This is really serious. The EHRC report has found that the Labour party has committed unlawful acts of harassment and victimisation against Jewish people. It doesn't get any worse than that does it? And we felt during this time people were making allegations, raising this, as Bonnie said, were smears, some kind of deliberate action, and the Jewish community, we didn't want this fight, but we had to stand up, we had to say this was wrong. We were proud to do that. And today is a damning incitement, as I've said. And what's happened during the course of the last few years is that antisemitism was on the fringes of society and it's been brought straight into mainstream politics, into the political party. Jeremy Corbyn and his leadership made a political decision to ignore, not to tackle antisemitism. That is so appalling. It's not imaginable in this day and age. The leadership did nothing about it and here we are today talking all these years later when this could have been resolved. And not only did the leadership of the party not do anything about it, we've now got findings of interference, political interference by the leader's office. It doesn't get much worse than that does it?


Fiona Bruce[0:36:13]You're talking about the deal that Trump has proposed for Israel.
Bonnie Greer[0:36:15]Yes. I mean, how is that a peace deal? And that's the con that Donald Trump lays down. The first racist demonstration after Donald Trump became President was in Charlottesville. Anthony Scaramucci Jewish girl was killed. This was guys walking down the street looking like something out of the Nuremberg Rallies saying Jews will not replace us. Now, I don't get it, okay, I really don't get it how anybody can talk about backing this man with that kind of thing. It's a con. It's a total con. And to leave the Palestinians out of this is another part of the con.
Marie van der Zyl[0:37:01]All I've said in fairness to him is that in terms of foreign policy the Abraham Accords and the normalisation of relationships is important for the region.
Bonnie Greer[0:37:10]But don't you see the 300...? That's what I was talking about when I was talking about trauma. I'm talking about the 360 degrees of this. How can you look at that and then look at...? Joe Biden came into the presidency because of Charlottesville. That literally was white guys walking down... You saw it.
Marie van der Zyl[0:37:28]Listen, I agree that...
Bonnie Greer[0:37:31]Explain it to me.
Marie van der Zyl[0:37:31]...Trump is very divisive...Fiona Bruce[0:54:45] And, Nick, can I let you come back in, because we lost you for a bit there before you managed to finish your point. 
Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:54:51] Thank you, Fiona. Not sure what happened there. Just to say first of all that Chris mentions about threat to the economy. The biggest threat to the economy is a virus that we're just simply not on top of and is out of control. Now, to get the virus under control we need obviously the testing system but we need the tracing system, and for you to have an effective tracing system you need to be tracing over 80 per cent of the contacts. Now, here in Wales with a locally led system we're over the 80 per cent figure. That unfortunately isn't the case in England. And the reason we're arguing for that circuit breaker in England is to give that opportunity to get that system to work. But also too, just to be clear, we're not suggesting that in that scenario the schools should close. We should do all we can to keep schools open because we know the damage it does to educational attainment with children being out of school. But the reality is we are in the situation in England where the government has lost control of the virus and the time is slipping away from them to actually take this measure and getting a circuit break in place to try and get back in control and get back on top of testing and tracing.Fiona Bruce[0:55:57]But, Nick, just before you we heard Billy there who's a doctor saying that once you get to a certain level of numbers of cases test and trace becomes less effective and easily becomes overwhelmed, and in Wales where there's a greater success with test and trace nonetheless cases are going up.Nick Thomas-Symonds MP[0:56:12]Well, yes, cases are on the rise, and that's why we've taken the measure that we have. Now, that measure came into place last Friday. It will be for 17 days. And obviously we will then as we come out of it see what the impact of that has been. But I think taking the diligent, cautious approach that has defined the approach to the virus under the leadership of Mark Drakeford here in Wales has been the way to approach it. And the reality is that with the tiered system in England I'm afraid it's just not the case that areas are permanently coming out of the restrictions or permanently coming out of the tiers, the figures are very sadly going in one direction. And I want to see the government in England getting on top of the virus in the way that we're attempting to do so here in Wales.

Chris Philp MP[0:45:18] Well, I don’t have a crystal ball, and it would be I think rash and foolish to make firm predictions about what’s going to happen in the future. What I can say is that right now, today, looking at the regional differences, looking at the costs that a full lockdown would impose on people’s health, mental health, children’s education, health treatment, jobs and so on, the balance being struck is the right one. And, as I say, the World Health Organisation agree with that. But it is of course kept under review the whole time, which is a sensible thing to do.Fiona Bruce[0:45:45] Donna, you’re shaking your head there. And I know because I spoke to some of you in the audience before we came on air, you’ve been shielding with your husband for eight months now haven’t you?Fiona Bruce[0:26:51] But obviously you were a big supporter of Trump. You were his cheerleader, his public voice, and it was ten days, wasn’t it, I think, Anthony?Anthony Scaramucci[0:26:56] It was.Fiona Bruce[0:26:57] If he… Just…Anthony Scaramucci[0:26:59] It was 11. Don’t [voices overlap 0:26:59] …Fiona Bruce[0:26:59] Oh, 11. Oh, forgive me. Oh.Anthony Scaramucci [0:27:01]…Fiona, it was a big day for me. [Inaudible 0:27:03].Fiona Bruce[0:27:03] So sorry. But you’ve been very, very critical of Donald Trump since then, but would it be fair to say if he hadn’t sacked you you’d still be working for him now?Anthony Scaramucci[0:27:14] Well, I just want to give everybody the timeline so that they know. I started working for him in July 2017. I was fired abruptly 11 days later, and I accept responsibility for that. I did something fireable. I never once blamed anybody. And then for two years, Fiona, I tried to stay loyal to the President and to the President’s agenda. You could see me on countless shows trying to advocate on behalf of Republican policies and what the President was doing, but he made it impossible. If you’re separating women and children at the border, if you’re denouncing the American intelligence agencies in front of the Russian President, if you’re calling the press the enemy of the people, if you’re using racist nativist tropes against American congresswomen, known as the squad, it just became impossible. He was moving the goalposts, and I said, okay, I can no longer accept this sort of behaviour. So that’s what happened.And what I would say to you is the facts are changing, you change your opinion. Now, my liberal friends would say to me well, you know, he’s the same guy that he was at 2015 so he’s doing the exact same things here in 2020 so why did you change, you must be a bitter employee? Well, I wouldn’t have been supporting him for two years if I was a bitter employee. But what I say to my liberal friends is that he may not have changed, Fiona, but I’ve changed. I’ve become way more psychologically minded, way more empathetic to what is actually going on and what the struggle is right now for working class families in the United States. I grew up in a working class family, my dad was an hourly worker, but it was an aspirational working class family where we were in the middle class. Many of those families today, Fiona, are economically desperational. Mr Trump I thought was going to represent them in Washington but it turns out he was really just representing himself.David Lane

[0:01:23] 
Good evening panel. In view of the report released today by
the Equality and Human Rights Commission which identified serious failings by
the Labour party in dealing with anti-Semitic racism, should just one
individual be held to account?

 
Fiona Bruce

[0:01:42] 
Chris.

 
Chris Philp MP

[0:01:44] 
Well, it’s a damning report. It finds the Labour party acted
unlawfully. It finds that Jeremy Corbyn’s office effectively covered up 23
different allegations of antisemitism. But it think this goes beyond just
Jeremy Corbyn. I think Keir Starmer has questions to answer himself, because
for five years Keir Starmer sat on the Labour front bench and said nothing
while this was going on. I didn’t hear him condemning this activity, I didn’t
hear him holding Jeremy Corbyn to account, unlike many other Labour MPs and
many Labour front benchers. He didn’t resign from that front bench. He said
nothing. He defended Jeremy Corbyn, and indeed he promoted Jeremy Corbyn as a
potential Prime Minister less than a year ago. So I think Keir Starmer needs to
do two things if he’s serious about fixing this. Firstly, he should apologise
personally for his failure to speak out on this issue when he was on the front
bench, because it was all very convenient for him to sit there and say quiet in
the hope that he would then take over as leader. Rather cynical I think. And
secondly, he needs not to just suspend Jeremy Corbyn, he should kick Jeremy
Corbyn out of the Labour party because this report is so damning, and Jeremy
Corbyn’s response to it this morning saying the whole thing had been hugely
exaggerated for political purposes, was disgraceful. So I think Kier Starmer
needs to do those two things if he’s really serious about fixing this issue.David Lane

[0:01:23] 
Good evening panel. In view of the report released today by
the Equality and Human Rights Commission which identified serious failings by
the Labour party in dealing with anti-Semitic racism, should just one
individual be held to account?

 
Fiona Bruce

[0:01:42] 
Chris.

 
Chris Philp MP

[0:01:44] 
Well, it’s a damning report. It finds the Labour party acted
unlawfully. It finds that Jeremy Corbyn’s office effectively covered up 23
different allegations of antisemitism. But it think this goes beyond just
Jeremy Corbyn. I think Keir Starmer has questions to answer himself, because
for five years Keir Starmer sat on the Labour front bench and said nothing
while this was going on. I didn’t hear him condemning this activity, I didn’t
hear him holding Jeremy Corbyn to account, unlike many other Labour MPs and
many Labour front benchers. He didn’t resign from that front bench. He said
nothing. He defended Jeremy Corbyn, and indeed he promoted Jeremy Corbyn as a
potential Prime Minister less than a year ago. So I think Keir Starmer needs to
do two things if he’s serious about fixing this. Firstly, he should apologise
personally for his failure to speak out on this issue when he was on the front
bench, because it was all very convenient for him to sit there and say quiet in
the hope that he would then take over as leader. Rather cynical I think. And
secondly, he needs not to just suspend Jeremy Corbyn, he should kick Jeremy
Corbyn out of the Labour party because this report is so damning, and Jeremy
Corbyn’s response to it this morning saying the whole thing had been hugely
exaggerated for political purposes, was disgraceful. So I think Kier Starmer
needs to do those two things if he’s really serious about fixing this issue.
And just to be very precise about the Equality Human Rights
Commission report, it found political interference in antisemitism complaints.
Didn’t use the word cover up. But political interference nonetheless. Nick, this
is not a comfortable day for you I would imagine. You also were part of the
front bench during all of this. What do you have to say?

 

Nick Thomas-Symonds MP

[0:03:26] 

Well, firstly this is a shameful day for the Labour party.
We accept the findings of the Equality and Human Rights report in their
entirety, and we will act on the recommendations. But first and foremost I want
to acknowledge the hurt that has been caused to the Jewish community over the
past five years. Kier Starmer has expressed our profound sorrow for this. We
are profoundly sorry for that hurt that has been caused. Today’s report, it’s
an appalling, damning report that is before us, but we now have to act upon the
recommendations of that report. I never thought I’d be sitting on your show,
Fiona, after the last Labour government created the Equality and Human Rights
Commission and actually be speaking about an investigation in findings into the
Labour party itself, but that’s where we are. We will now work to ensure that
yes, our complaints processes are improved, that they are independent, they are
where they should be. But we will do more than that. The answer to this isn’t
just about process, important though that is, it’s about changing the culture
of our party so that it is a place where everybody feels welcome and everybody
feels safe. What Kier Starmer has done today with a decisive speech of moral clarity is to show the way towards that. I know there is a long way to go, but Keir’s speech and our commitment to taking action on this is the start of that road.
Fiona Bruce

[0:05:02] 
Well, talking of moral clarity, one of the things that upset
many in the Jewish community, one way of describing it, is Labour’s refusal to
accept in full the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance’s definition of
antisemitism. That was in 2018. Now, you endorsed that decision not to accept
it. You went out on the airwaves defending the decision not to accept it.
Labour changed its position just two months later.

 
Nick Thomas-Symonds MP

[0:05:33] 
I don’t think that’s a fair characterisation of what I said
that day. What I said that day was that the abuse that was being referred to,
the appalling anti-Semitic abuse, whatever was in the rulebook was absolutely
wrong and had to be dealt with, and I also said that the NEC was right to look
again at the decision they’d made not to adopt all of the examples that went
with the definition, and [voices overlap 0:05:59]…

 
Fiona Bruce 

[0:05:59] 
But you didn’t accept all those examples, Nick. You didn’t
accept all those examples, and you went out on the Today programme and other
things, out on the airwaves explaining that labour should not accept all those
examples as part of that definition.Fiona Bruce[0:12:10] And, Marie, can I ask you, because, I mean, Jeremy Corbyn has said again today that he’s not anti-Semitic, that anyone who says there was not a problem with antisemitism in Labour is wrong. But the question from David is should just one individual be held to account?Marie van der Zyl[0:12:25] It’s a question also of the culture in the party. The problem with antisemitism runs deep. This is going to be the beginning of a very long journey. It’s all very well the Labour party saying sorry, and Keir Starmer did give an apology on the day he was elected. But what’s important here is that we see action. Words are only so much. We need to see that the action plan is implemented by 10 December and there need to be key changes across the party. We need an independent disciplinary process, education, and to tackle that culture. And this is going to be something that’s not going to change overnight. There’s a lot of pain and a lot of hurt. It’s not one person’s fault, but Jeremy Corbyn allowed the space for anti-Semites to come into the party and the leadership did absolutely nothing about it.SPEAKER: My question is how many people need to have the vaccine for it to be successful. Now we heard there are going to be vaccines before the end of the year but significantly less than we neat need. How many people need to be vaccinated for it to be successful. 

MATT HANCOCK [00:13:30] The honest truth to that question is we don’t yet know. It is one of the many things we don’t yet know about the vaccine. The reason for that is in the trials that the vaccines, you test for how effective they are protecting the individual, also how safe they are. If they are safe and effective we can start to roll them out. The early data from the Pfizer vaccine looks like it is 90 percent effective protecting individuals. [DONE] That’s great. So if -- if -- it passes the safety data, and that is a big hurdle it still hasn’t gone over, then we can start rolling it out and it starts protecting people as soon as they’ve -- a week or so after the second doseFIONA BRUCE [00:14:24] You don’t know if it is 50 or 70 percent of the population. MATT HANCOCK [00:14:28] That’s right. Because the evidence from the trial is how much it protects an individual. You can find out once a lot of people have taken it what the direct impact is on stopping the spread of the disease. FIONA BRUCE [00:14:40] This particular vaccine, Robin, we don’t know if it stops people catching coronavirus but we do know it stops 90 percent of them getting sick from it. ROBIN SHATTOCK [00:14:52] It’s really early. We know it prevents people developing disease for a period of time that it has been studied. We don’t know whether it will protect people for 6 months for 12 months. We have no information right now as to whether it will prevent transmission. So that means its first priority is actually to use it to protect be vulnerable populations.










FIONA BRUCE [00:23:42] But you are not responsible for that. What you are responsible for is making sure people can get it. MATT HANCOCK [00:23:46] I’ll come on to that. But you have to think, they are hard to do the science. They are then hard to manufacture. This thing isn’t a chemical that’s made, this biological. Then it arrives and you have to keep it at -70. We have known that for some time too so the NHS has been getting hold of the serious deep freeze. Then you have to distribute it. It will be a huge effort from the NHS. They are supported by the armed services in doing that. Thankfully, the NHS is a very, very significant organisation that reaches into all parts of the country. So the reason I answered, when you said are you ready to do it, it is something we are working on every day. It will be complicated. It will be a huge challenge, but I’m sure that the NHS is up to it. [DONE]FIONA BRUCE [00:27:36] Eammon, you’re saying that as a pharmacist. It is worth repeating the words of Prof. John Bell. He predicted with some confidence that life could be back to normal by spring with the big carveout, assuming they don’t screw up the distribution. MATT HANCOCK [00:27:56] I totally agree with Eammon. As a pharmacist you’ll have seen this. The question I was asked was can we do it. The answer to that is yes, we can. FIONA BRUCE [00:28:06] The question is the storage and distribution infrastructure in place to guarantee it. MATT HANCOCK [00:28:14] Is this going to be an enormous challenge? Of course. This is going to be one of the biggest civilian operations in history. It will have all the challenges that Eammon set out. But I think that the NHS can rise to them and I think that we can come together and we can help make it happen. So that’s what I’m -- I’m confident that we can make it happen. I’m also highly confident that it will be extremely difficult and one of the biggest logistical exercises this country has ever seen. There have been huge challenges in so many parts in response to this coronavirus. Huge challenges. We learned a huge amount all the way through. It hasn’t been easy, but you know we got through so many of those challenges in the past.FIONA BRUCE [00:26:00] Ellie. 

ELLIE UNKNOWN [00:26:00] Are we aware of what other countries are doing in regards to the vaccine? Is there much liaison going on with the World Health Organisation? Obviously, China was first affected and, you know, how far are this advanced in interpreters of coming along with a vaccine? Is there much communication there? 

FIONA BRUCE [00:26:22] Let me get a few questions then we’ll won’t put them to Matt and David as well. Marie. 

MARIE UNKNOWN [00:26:28] I was just wondering whether the government foresee any potential supply issues after Brexit at the epidemic of the year and whether that will cause any transportation issues with the vaccine coming into the UK. 

FIONA BRUCE [00:26:42] I think we might come to that point in a moment. I’m going to park that -- “park it”, that’s been one of the big issues. Eammon.
EAMMON UNKNOWN [00:26:58] I think Matt is underestimating the massive challenges that we’re going to have with the supply and distribution of this product. Because I have seen firsthand with the flu vaccination campaign this flu season, we’ve had massive issues with pharmacies running out of stock, using up their stock quite quickly and not being able to replenish that stock. GP surgeries being out of stock for -- having to wait for more than a month to get new stock in.[DONE]MATT HANCOCKWe’ll get to, I hope, should a vaccine come off, and of course it is still uncertain, we’ll get more than 50 percent. That’s because we’ve learned more about the details of both the virus and the vaccine. DAVID LAMMY [00:21:00] In a week? MATT HANCOCK [00:21:02] No, the comments you refer to were some time ago. The expert body who advises on this has published its interim recommendations a few weeks ago. Then it will publish the final recommendations when we get the final data about the vaccine -- about any vaccine -- should it be both effective and safe. Those are the two critical things that we’ll look into. [DONE]FIONA BRUCE [00:21:28] If people can pay for it, will they get it more quickly? MATT HANCOCK [00:21:32] I don’t think that’s going to be possible. FIONA BRUCE [00:21:34] Does that mean the government is going to buy up all the doses so people won’t be able to go to a private doctor and say I’d like that. I may not be in this phase, I may not be eligible according to government guidelines, but I’ll buy it so I’ll have it. MATT HANCOCK [00:21:48] I don’t foresee this. It has been hard enough buying this as a government. The deals those who develop the vaccine have done has been with government. We have bought on behalf of the whole UK population, then we intend to roll out according to clinical priority.FIONA BRUCE [00:19:34] The head of the Covid force said only 15 percent would get a vaccine. This is before the Pfizer announcement was made pel. [DONE]
MATT HANCOCK [00:19:46] No, not necessarily. We learned more about the vaccine as time has gone on. The latest advice is we should go in the order I described and then to the under 50s, but not to children because this vaccine has not been tested on children, it is not designed for children and, anyway, children are very, very unlikely to get ill with coronavirus.[DONE] 
DAVID LAMMY [00:20:12] Two things. One, you didn’t mention Britain’s Black, Asian and minority ethnic which we know are dying disproportionally. There are other frontline workers, care workers and nurses. We can’t have one week the head of the vaccine task force say it is 15 percent, then a week later say, no. Is it less than 50 percent or more than 50 percent?
DAVID LAMMY [00:29:10] I’m sorry, Matt, but it is a bit facile when you say things like “yes, we can.” The point is we heard there have been problems getting out the flu vaccine this year, and we still have to do more, obviously, because flu runs with us right into the spring. We know that you blew 500 billion on PPE that didn’t work. We know that it’s now nine months and 12 days since the first infection in York and we still, in the sixth richest economy in the world, have not got a successful test, track and trace system. So, in the end this is about public confidence. We need people to believe and to take the vaccine, but I think you’re being asked can you do it given that these freezers, you know -70, are necessary to get this distributed. You can understand why people are nervous that we’re going to be well into the summer before this vaccine is properly rolled out.[DONE]
MATT HANCOCK [00:30:06] All I’d say is it’s not can I do it, it’s can we do it. This is something that we as a nation need to do together. With the NHS, obviously, in the lead.
FIONA BRUCE [00:30:18] Hang on a minute, that’s all very well --FIONA BRUCE [00:40:30] Merryn, as far as business is concerned, this is the timeframe they desperately need. When will businesses be able to open up and operate normally again? MERRYN SOMERSET [00:40:40] This is a game-changer, the knowledge that there will be a vaccine by the spring and let’s say most vulnerable people and older people have been vaccinated by late spring, etcetera, they think I’m sure the entire economy could open up properly. If businesses know that they can move out of this appalling cycle of not knowing what’s going to happen, hyper regulatory activity, lockdown this, curfew this, rules all over the place, up down, up down, not knowing where they are, if they can look forward to a future that is linear, where things don’t change all the time, then they can start moving their businesses around to make them work again. In that sense it is an absolutely game-changer for business. That’s why you saw these astonishing moves in the stock market on Monday when you saw, effectively all the companies geared into the return of normal life, airlines, pubs, etcetera, go completely -- and all the stocks geared into the nightmare we live now, working from home, etcetera, fall significantly. So the economy will be able to look forward to something more linear, less alcoholic beverage.FIONA BRUCE [00:22:06] Another question from Joe Craft. 
[JOE]: Is the storage facility in place to guarantee the vaccine? 
FIONA BRUCE [00:22:24] This is difficult. You need the superfreezers. The Scottish government has bought some of these superfreezers. Are you going to be able to pull this off? 
MATT HANCOCK [00:22:34] Yes. 
FIONA BRUCE [00:22:34] You sound very confident. I remember you coming in here and talking about PPE in the first wave.[DONE] 
MATT HANCOCK [00:22:42] On PPE I remember explaining how difficult it was. 
FIONA BRUCE [00:22:48] You also said we’ll have it sorted by the weekend. 
MATT HANCOCK [00:22:52] And we got there. But on this, the NHS is in charge of distributing it. So the UK government is buying this vaccine and the other vaccines, and it is important we have a portfolio, that we have several. And we are buying them for the whole UK. Then the NHS, in each country, in England, Scotland and Wales and Northern Ireland, is responsible for the deployment. It is a challenge. It is incredibly difficult. I would add one more challenge, Joe, you talked about the execution and the storage -- distribution and storage. There is one other part which is in the vaccine Pfizer are doing. But these things are hard to manufacture.[DONE]FIONA BRUCE Would you be happy to take the vaccine? JAY UNKNOWN [00:33:26] I’m probably one of the cautious people, to be fair. I’d rather wait and see what the effect is first of all. I mean... 
FIONA BRUCE [00:33:36] So at the moment you’re not sure? Merryn, you wanted in.[DONE] 
MERRYN SOMERSET [00:33:42] I just wanted to say that I’m not -- there is a big trust issue around vaccines and looked at the different surveys you can see that between 7 and 25 percent of people will say they are suspicious of a new vaccine like this. So there does need to be some kind of campaign around the safety and reminding everybody of the efficacy of the vaccines that we’ve had over the last couple of hundred years. It is important to remember back in the 1800s, 20, 30 percent of kids died before they were 5. We put in place a vaccine programme since that has brought that down to one in a couple of hundred. But there is around this idea of trust, trust probably a very simple way to make the general population believe in the vaccine and trust in the vaccine and perhaps, at the same time, to increase a little trust in our politicians, which obviously has fallen off quite substantially over the last 9 months. I would suggest that, Matt, you have the vaccine first, and then every other MP has it, and we can rush it out to a couple of top civil servants as well. We wait two weeks, everything is fine, then you can start rolling it out to everybody else.[DONE]FIONA BRUCE [00:45:08] Hold on. Donna, I know there was something you wanted to add to this particular subject as. DONNA UNKNOWN [00:45:18] Yes, absolutely. On 1 January 2021, will Dover become a well-oiled gateway to Europe or the biggest car park in the UK? FIONA BRUCE [00:45:30] It all plays into the same thing, A, what is going to happen the end of December, but in terms of us getting the vaccine and getting it through Customs is that going to be a problem? Is this something you thought about, Robin? Is this a concern for you?[DONE] ROBIN SHATTOCK [00:45:46] I haven’t thought about this in terms of what the immediate priority is. But we certainly realise in the UK, particularly as we go through Brexit, that we need to really ramp up UK manufacturing capacity so that we can make vaccines. And we have cutting-edge technology in this country. I think one of the things that we recognise is that from a pragmatic point of view, we have made -- the government has made purchase of six vaccines, five of those are from overseas. That’s increasing our reliance on overseas production.[DONE]FIONA BRUCE [00:48:00] Antonio? ANTONIO UNKNOWN [00:48:02] My question is for Matt. Matt has mentioned that there are several companies, several deals going on regarding the vaccine. I just want to know, these pharmaceutical companies involved will make enormous amounts of money. My question to Matt is this. Does the government have any strategies in place to ensure that these pharmaceutical companies give back to the country from their profits to make sure that everybody in the UK who wants the vaccine can have it, rather than being held to ransom or on what they can produce and what the government wants to pay for the vaccine? FIONA BRUCE [00:48:50] Justin. JUSTIN UNKNOWN [00:48:54] While this announcement is welcome, does Mr Hancock think it goes anywhere to increasing an apathetic population who have been drip-fed a series of failures, costly failures and double standards? FIONA BRUCE [00:49:12] Joe. JOE KRAFT [00:49:16] Yes, I think the arguments are given that the NHS will be able to manage the roll-out, the NHS will do it. The NHS relies on subcontractors to do the job of rolling it out. Recently the vetting has suffered and I’ve also heard rumours that there are simply not enough medical grade vials or lorries around or even PPE for the rollout of this vaccine. So to say the NHS will do it, well, the NHS can only do it if they get the support to do their job. So, you know, it would be a monumental waste of money to buy the vaccine and then not having it transported and it becoming ineffective.[DONE]FIONA BRUCE [00:41:56] You have a specific question I know you wanted to ask. 
ANDY UNKNOWN [00:42:02] My hand up was to say that there’s a priority list in NHS workers, health and social care workers, etcetera. I wonder where the unpaid carers are, the unsung heroes caring for family members are in this priority list because they don’t seem to be mentioned nationally. 
FIONA BRUCE [00:42:22] Let’s find out. Are they going to be in the priority list? [DONE] 
MATT HANCOCK [00:42:26] Defining the social care workers in the -- 
FIONA BRUCE [00:42:30] These are unpaid carers. 
MATT HANCOCK [00:42:32] Yes, but my goodness, they may be unpaid but they certainly give care. 
FIONA BRUCE [00:42:36] I’m not downgrading what they do. Will they be in the first phase? 
MATT HANCOCK [00:42:42] The committee that advises me will define how broad that is. 
FIONA BRUCE [00:42:48] Would you like to see them in there? 
MATT HANCOCK [00:42:50] I would like to follow the clinical advice. I know I’m not giving an answer, but it is because it is important we follow the clinical advice. 
FIONA BRUCE [00:43:02] Ask your question.MATT HANCOCK 
[00:30:22] No, people are coming forward to be 
vaccinated. Everybody participating. In the same way that with social 
distancing, that’s something we all need to do. Yes, absolutely, this is
 doable. I’m not saying it is easy, I’m not saying it will be 
straightforward. I’m just saying we have to do it and we will get it 
done.[DONE]

ROSIE JONES [00:30:46]
 It is up to you and the government to lead us and to give us the 
answers that we’re not getting. As a member of this country, a country 
that I love, I’m worried and scared because I’m not getting any answers. 

MATT HANCOCK [00:31:28]
 Ask the questions and we will try to answer them. One of the challenges
 of the pandemic is there are all sorts of questions that everybody 
wants an answer to. 


FIONA BRUCE [00:31:40] Let’s take some more questions from our audience. Donna. 

DONNA UNKNOWN [00:31:44]
 Thank you. A recent survey found that around 1 in 6 British people were
 unlikely to agree to being vaccinated against coronavirus. What, in 
your opinion, in the opinion of the panel, is the best way to reassure 
the public that the new Covid-19 vaccine will be both effective and 
safe?
Part 28
FIONA BRUCE [00:53:24] Can you even tell us when people might first get the vaccine? 
MATT HANCOCK [00:53:28] Well, we’re planning that if all goes well, including the safety coming through, and including the manufacturing going well by Pfizer, we’re planning to be able to roll out from the start of December, which isn’t long. 
FIONA BRUCE [00:53:42] One of the cofounders of the company manufacturing this vaccine said not before mid-December. You’re not on the same page there. 
MATT HANCOCK [00:53:50] As I say, we’re planning to be ready from 1 December but we are not guaranteeing that by any stretch. It would be easier in the moment for me to say: No problem, it’s all sorted. We’re not there yet. But what we can say is we’re making progress towards where we need to be but there are many, many hurdles still for us to go over.[DONE]FIONA BRUCE [00:46:24] You are involved in developing a vaccine as well at Imperial College London. ROBIN SHATTOCK [00:46:28] We are one of the two UK teams developing a vaccine. FIONA BRUCE [00:46:32] Are you getting funding from the government? ROBIN SHATTOCK [00:46:36] We are getting government. But it still requires a huge effort for us to build a technology from scratch. To give the kind of examples of the competition, there are 30 R&amp;A companies around the world. FIONA BRUCE [00:46:48] This is the particular technology that Pfizer used. ROBIN SHATTOCK [00:46:52] It is a new technology that’s at a tipping point. Our direct competition are two companies in Germany, one of which is BioNTech, they got grants from the German government of 350,000,250 million apiece, even though they are well-funded. So we need to think in terms of the strategy as to how we’re going to nurture the vaccine industry, which is more than just start-up, that is sustainable and has a long-term strategic plan.[DONE] FIONA BRUCE [00:47:24] Are you getting those kind of funds from the secretary for health here? ROBIN SHATTOCK [00:47:30] We are getting support and we fully anticipate that the government will want to see the two flagship programmes are supported to the hilt. FIONA BRUCE [00:47:44] Daniel. DANIEL UNKNOWN [00:47:44] Picking up on the points, will the defeat in the house of lords of clauses obvious the Internal Market Bill -- this mopped be impact on internal policy, especially with president-elect enjoyeden.FIONA BRUCE [00:32:08] Before you answer that, can I see if there’s anyone in our audience who is hesitating about taking the vaccine, who isn’t that sure about it. Kay.[DONE] KAY UNKNOWN [00:32:22] Matt, hi. I’m concerned because I don’t believe there has been adequate time to put the vaccine through the rigorous testing that we would expect it to go through before being given to the general public. What do you say on that? FIONA BRUCE [00:32:36] Ellie? ELLIE UNKNOWN [00:32:38] I would agree with Kay, especially when you look at previous things like thalidomide, things like that. Thalidomide. Are the side affects that could come along with the vaccine? FIONA BRUCE [00:32:54] Jay, I know you had reticence about taking the vaccine as well. JAY UNKNOWN [00:32:58] Yeah, I have to say, I do agree with Matt completely because we’re in an unknown -- there’s going to be a lot of unknowns coming up, but staying positive, looking to the future. During the start of the pandemic we got all the volunteers applied to help out. If that can happen again who knows what would happen.ROSIE JONES [00:51:40] I’m sat here increasingly getting annoyed because I think we’re hearing great points and you’re just taking the easy questions and giving one answer and then moving on. I wanted to come here today and talk about the vaccine and feel reassured that we’re going to go into 2021 and be in a much better and safer place, and I don’t know if we will be. MATT HANCOCK [00:52:40] I absolutely think there’s a point, which is that this vaccine that we heard about on Monday, it is good news, but we’re not there yet. And there are still a lot of steps that we need to get through. So I’m only going to reassure you and anybody else as much as I can be confident about. ROSIE JONES [00:53:00] You’re not reassuring me at all. [DONE]MATT HANCOCK [00:53:04] Well, I’m being honest about the uncertainties that we still face. I think that’s what I’m duty-bound to do. There are some things I am more confident about. Like, for instance, we’ve done the work to make sure we have the -70 capacity.FIONA BRUCE [00:55:30] You haven’t had a chance to answer the question about trying to get the vaccine through if we leave the EU without a deal.[DONE] 
MERRYN SOMERSET WEBB[00:55:38] I think I have to leave that one to Matt because I’m sure there are special arrangements for getting vaccines through very long lorry queues. But I really, really hope that the government has that organised. The wider question is presumably about Brexit and whether there will be long lorry queues in Dover if we go through on WTO terms. The answer to that is there probably will be very long queues in Dover, but there probably will be long lorry queues regardless of whether we have a deal or not because all change that involves lots of pieces of paper and admin and new organisation results in difficulties and holdups and blockages. But that will, I would guess, only last two or three months before we come out the other end. That will be unpleasant for those involved in it but if you believe Brexit is a good thing for the country for a long time, it will be a relatively small price to pay, I hope.[DONE]FIONA BRUCE [01:07:20] Rosie, we’re almost out of time but I wanted to give you the final word on that. [DONE]
ROSIE JONES [01:07:28] I think I’d kick myself without talking about the change between the DLA, Disability Living Allowance, to the Personal Independent Payment because 650,000 disabled people, including myself, got caught. And it just makes me insanely angry that I thought when I was assessed in 2008 that money that kept me going, that gave me support, it was taken off me. Luckily, I can work harder. I can push myself. But a lot of disabled people are now on the poverty line because they were assessed by a stranger for 10 minutes who would look at them and go: Oh, what do you need? That makes my blood boil. Yet I want to end it by going stop ignoring disabled people. We make up 22 percent of the population. We’re here and we’re worth listening to. [DONE]
FIONA BRUCE [01:09:42] Rosie, look at that. If the people here in this studio with us, you’d see the applause. You’d hear it. You can only see it.DANIEL UNKNOWN [01:05:40] Is it a matter of adding new legislation or becoming a less judgmental society? 

MATT HANCOCK [01:05:46] I admire you so much, Rosie, for the way that you articulate this. I thought what Emily said was so strong, in a small way I have -- I am neuro-diverse, I’m dyslexic. It took me until I was 18 until I was diagnosed. Then I got the support I needed and it made an enormous difference to me. But I was lucky because I was able to get by on my maths and my -- despite the fact that my language skills were very poor, my written language skills, at school. So I felt just a tiny bit of what that feels like. But I think that Daniel’s point is just so important, which is, of course of course legislation is important and that is something we should always be pushing forward, like the change of the buses at the end of this year. I didn’t know about that. It is really important. But how long has it taken us to get to that point. But it is about society accepting everyone and looking for the good in everyone. I think that everyone has something to contribute and we need to go and it is our task, our mission is to go and find what is good in people the contribution they can make and bring it out and support people to do that. So I think there’s a long way to goROBIN SHATTOCK I think the point is in terms of either being overlooked or deliberately ignored is something that society needs to continue to be challenged on. Disability comes in many shapes. Visible disability often leads to abuse but also I’m very conscious one of my daughters has a chromosomal -- she has no physical signs, but it is a hidden problem that people don’t recognise. It is so critical that, like yourself, Rosie, challenge the rest of society repeatedly. The fight needs to go on and we can never be relaxed and not challenge ourselves whether it is disability or any type of prejudice. 
FIONA BRUCE [01:03:24] Merryn. 
MERRYN SOMERSET WEBB[01:03:26] I haven’t much to add to that, except to say from what we hear is obvious that there are not that many families in the UK that aren’t in some way touched by the difficulties of having someone with a disability inside their family. Obviously, there’s a lot more to be done to help everybody with that. But I would also say we mustn’t underestimate how far we have come in the last 25 years. Everybody now understands, which I don’t think they did then, that lack of access to transport, to education, to employment, etcetera, was a travesty and now is considered to be something that everyone should have access to. So there has been huge change over the last 25 years. Obviously, there’s a long way to go but we must remember how far we’ve come as well. 
FIONA BRUCE [01:04:12] I was surprised to learn that rules on public transport, on coaches and buses, come into effect this year, so many years after the Disability Discrimination Act. Huge percent are not accessible.FIONA BRUCE [01:00:24] David?
DAVID LAMMY [01:00:26] Well, I mean, it’s hard to follow that. 
FIONA BRUCE [01:00:28] It is. 
DAVID LAMMY [01:00:30] That was very moving to listen to. Look, I suspect, of course, there’s been progress over the last 25 years, but we’ve got a long way to go. Let me just say, I have three children. One of them has special educational needs and I know the struggle of parents in this country when they’re trying to get a statement. Of course there’s still huge discrimination in employment. I was thinking of the black student dragged out of the union, blind, just a year or so ago. I think there’s a lot to do in this country. We probably have to return to the legislation that’s required. If you look at that story of the 20th Century, it’s a lot of people at the beginning of that century, certainly the disabled, anyone with occasional needs, black and brown people, women, working people, all oppressed in some ways, put down, and by the end of the 20th Century beginning to get their rights. But we are still on that journey. As we go into a deep recession, we know that the people who can be deeply affected are those with disabilities. Let me just say, if you defund local authorities like we have in this country, if you have local authorities like Croydon or Northampton going bust, with big cuts of 50 percent, where is the money for adult social care that the disabled depend on? Where is the money for the kit and equipment that people need in their homes? All the money being cut in day centres right across the country. So it is not a rosy picture. In some ways it feels like a rolling back. I endorse what has been said.FIONA BRUCE [00:15:20] We have a question on that from John. Can the government confirm that that if and when the vaccine is proved it will be prescribed strictly upon clinical needs. 
MATT HANCOCK [00:15:34] Yes, that is is our proposal. We have a committee that is made up of clinicians and experts that advises me as health secretary in my formal capacity, the joint committee on vaccines and immunisations. This group looks at the data from a vaccine, and they have been working closely with Pfizer and AstraZeneca, and work out what is the best clinical way of protecting most people. They put out an interim recollection, which is that first we should vaccinate people who are in care homes and the people who work looking after them, and then health and social care workers, then come essentially down the age range. For all the different things like obesity that we know has an impact on your vulnerability to Covid, we know age is the single biggest factor by a long stretch. So the answer to your question, yes, we will vaccinate according to clinical priority because that’s how we save the most lives.[DONE]ROBIN SHATTOCK [00:24:44] We need to realise there has been enormous excitement about this vaccine because it is the first evidence that it is a vaccine vaccine-preventible disease. But that doesn’t mean it is going to be the only vaccine. I think what is encouraging, if we also believe the news coming out of Russia, we’ll see a series of vaccines coming through which may have different advantages for distribution. Right now we have to work as if this is the only vaccine that’s going to work but we could have a different conversation in four weeks’ time. I think it comes to this issue of prioritisation. It is a difficult vaccine to get out. There’s about 10 million vulnerable population. If you start vaccinating in January, given that it takes 5 to 6 weeks to get immunity, and you did a million people a week, we wouldn’t get that 10 million vaccinated until way into April, and that’s assuming everybody comes in for their first shot and for their second shot and you are not playing catch-up. So the logistical problem is immense. That doesn’t mean that people should be off the hook, but it is to understand that that challenge is why we need to prioritise the way the vaccine is rolled out.FIONA BRUCE [00:50:12] Lots of different points there. I’m going to drag us back to the original question which came from Andy about confidence about getting the vaccine through post the end of December. We hear all sorts of warnings from road hauliers about not being ready, about holdups at Customs, lorry parks, all the rest of it. Are you confident that that’s not going to be a problem? 

MATT HANCOCK [00:50:44] We have a plan for the vaccine that is being manufactured in Belgium. If necessary we can fly it. 

FIONA BRUCE [00:50:50] That is a lot more expensive than coming through a lorry. 

MATT HANCOCK [00:50:56] The importance of the vaccine can’t be underestimated so we have to plan for all events. Many of the points made some of the points about some of the challenges, like Joe’s point about the fact the vaccine needs PPE, absolutely, that’s a critical part of the plan. So it underlines how this is a hugely complex project but it is one that we’ve we’ve been preparing for for some time. 

FIONA BRUCE [00:51:22] You’re confident that Brexit, if we do leave the European Union without a deal, is not going to hold up the delivery of the vaccine to this condition? 

MATT HANCOCK [00:51:32] I am confident in that. We have a plan, yes.MATT HANCOCK [00:18:02] The priority is all about protecting people according to their risk from the virus. After we have gone down through the over 65s, according to the proposal, opposite the data that we’ve seen, and they may update it as we see more information, then you go to those who are particularly vulnerable from all age groups. After that, down to the over 50s. Once you get below the over 50s, there is less of a clinical justification for any particular ordering. [DONE]ROSIE JONES [00:18:46] What do you mean by below the over 50s? MATT HANCOCK [00:18:50] So for people who don’t have an illness which makes them particularly vulnerable to coronavirus, who are aged between 18 and 50, they are the least likely to die from coronavirus so the clinicians who advise me on this expert panel say they come after all the people who are either older or work in health and social care or who have a particular vulnerability. Unfortunately, we know a lot about who is vulnerable to Covid because of having looked at who has been badly affected.
FIONA BRUCE [00:34:54] If Matt doesn’t drop to the floor, frothing at the mouth sort of thing. 
MERRYN SOMERSET WEBB[00:35:02] It will show the population it is absolutely fine. 
MATT HANCOCK [00:35:04] I would take the vaccine as soon as I’m allowed to. We talked about -- 
FIONA BRUCE [00:35:10] What about taking it to encourage others? 
MATT HANCOCK [00:35:12] That’s a good question. Because I would be happy to do that. The problem is that would be putting me ahead of the queue in terms of clinical need. Now, because I work in the department for health I count, as it happens, as a healthcare worker. So if my taking it when healthcare workers are allowed to take it, so not jumping the queue, if that would persuade a single other person to take it and give confidence to others, then I’d be absolutely happy to. 
FIONA BRUCE [00:35:44] Should we do a totally unscientific straw poll. Put your hand up in the audience if you think Matt should be one of the first to take it. Quite a lot but not unanimous. Robin, I know because I have spoken to some of our audience members before we came on that quite a few are happy to take the vaccine as soon as they can get it. We heard from John to that effect. Some people are a little bit more worried about it.
ROBIN SHATTOCK [00:36:12] I think it is an important point. Jay’s position to say I’m going to wait and see what happens, is probably a common response. I think we need to remember that, actually, vaccines, next to clean water, have been the single most effective public health implementation globally. They save saved more lives than any other medicines. People are concerned about this vaccine because they perceive it has been done too quickly. We have done a disservice by saying it takes ten years to make a vaccine. Technology is changing very, very quickly. What has happened is that the same number of participants have been exposed to this vaccine, this particular vaccine, 43,000 participants. When you’re looking at side effects, most side effects occur very quickly,within a week or so of having the vaccine. We would see any severe side effect at this stage. And no regulatory authority, whether it is the UK be medicines regulatory authority or the European Regulatory Authority or the FDA will let anything go through that doesn’t have a totally squeaky clean safety record. [DONE]Now, one thing that I think people completely forget is that a vaccine stimulates your immune system, it tricks it to see if it has seen the virus. So you are getting an aspect of a viral infection that’s so much minor than the real virus. So when you think about the risk benefit, the risk of having a severe outcome from Covid-19 far outweighs any theoretical risk of a vaccine. The problem is vaccines are so successful that diseases go away and all you see is the side effects. Pull out any -- par cell Mo approximately, you probably all had it. Look at the potential side effects of paracetamol. If you never taken it before it would probably scare you to take it but you don’t have the same scare because you are familiar with it. I think the way we’ll build confidence is when we roll it out to vulnerable populations, who are desperate for a vaccine to get their lives back to some sort of normality and we see it protecting lives, see it being safe. I’m sure people like Jay will see the evidence speaks for itselfFIONA BRUCE [00:38:46] Stuart, you have a question. 
STUART UNKNOWN [00:38:48] Good evening, panel. Yes. For those not in the initial bracket to receive the vaccine, will they still need to abide by the social distancing or even face the potential of going back into lockdown as well? 
FIONA BRUCE [00:39:02] How is this going to work? Is there to be a section of the population that can party while everyone else has to wait? 
MATT HANCOCK [00:39:14] Because at first we don’t know whether, even if you had the vaccine you might still transmit the disease, it means we can’t lift those measures on just the people who had the vaccine because you still might give it to somebody else. So what we have to do is vaccinate to protect the most vulnerable and then get to the position where enough people have had it. And we will, of course, monitor afterwards, as we vaccinate the population, to find out the impact on the transmission of the disease. All of this is about how to get life back to normal as fast as possible.[DONE] Another reason to do this, in terms of clinical priority, to your point earlier, the faster we can vaccinate those most vulnerable, the sooner we’ll be able to get life back to normal for everybody else as well. So this is another of those questions that at the moment is unknowable, but the plan to roll out according to clinical priority is the best way to get as fast as possible to as much back to normal as is possible.ANDY UNKNOWN [00:43:04] Transport is key. How will we ensure that this January importation of vaccine doesn’t have an impact on Covid by the two playing against each other with swaying priorities. FIONA BRUCE [00:43:26] This is something that came up before a lot of members of the audience. DAVID LAMMY [00:43:32] We were told by Boris we would have a deal. We have no deal. We have Boris putting the Good Friday Agreement on the table which jeopardises that deal. We have the chief executive of the Port of Dover saying that a no-deal Brexit could cost us, I think it was a billion a week, and that traffic flows could be down by 40 to 60 percent. The clock is ticking, we’re running out of time, and it is now looking worrying that we’ll have no deal with the European Union. We’ll have no deal, by the way, with the United States of America because we would have risked the Good Friday Agreement by having that no deal. It is desperately important that we get a deal, that it is frictionless trade, that it doesn’t involve tariffs, that we have food safety, health and safety, that we haven’t got queues and lorries backed up and I expect a lot of people in an area like Dover are really worried because a lot of promises were being made. We wait to see what will happen. But we know we now have days -- days -- to deliver this against the backdrop -- just remember, a lot of people were saying look, this is tough. We have all European countries dealing with this pandemic. We have all European countries deal with the economic consequences. Let’s have a little extension while we work this out. No! We’re going to have a deal. We’re going to put the government on the table. It’s a mess, but we need the deal. Over to Matt Hancock.FIONA BRUCE [00:54:14] Merryn. MERRYN SOMERSET WEBB[00:54:18] I just wanted to work on reassuring Rosie’s anxieties because I think we’re talking about the vaccine at great length which is interesting and exciting and I hope we’re at the beginning of the end of the whole thing but we’re not talking about the various treatments that have been coming along. While we wait for the vaccine to be rolled out and for everyone to get it there’s a cheap steroid that is working quite well, there’s a UK-based company that is in phase 2 trials on using a drug that is known to be very safe and cheap working in different illnesses that could work well for this and these clinical trials is shown to be. So it is not just about the vaccine; it is also about the fact that we know very good treatments are there, we know that death rates have been falling during the second wave compared to the first wave. We know the mortality rate as a whole is very low and we are learning more about how and where it transmits. I’ll sure we’ll get on whether lockdown is a good idea later, but we know you don’t get get Covid-19 when you’re out shopping. So we are learning we can live our lives whether the vaccine is rolled out or not.FIONA BRUCE [00:56:36] A different question on another topic, from Jay. JAY UNKNOWN [00:56:42] Having had a Disability Discrimination Act for 25 years, are we now treating people with more respect and equality? FIONA BRUCE [00:56:50] Rosie, I’m not trying to pigeon-hole you here, but in a sense you are the obvious person. ROSIE JONES [00:56:58] Why? FIONA BRUCE [00:57:00] I can’t imagine. But give us the benefit of your experience. ROSIE JONES [00:57:04] The Disability Act came in in ’95. I was 5 years old and, without a doubt, my life has been better because of it. I had an education in a mainstream school. I went to university. I got a job, and with my cerebral palsy have been a successful and independent human being. And I am proud of who I am and I can wee in disabled toilets and park where I want because of this groundbreaking Disability Act. Saying that, 25 years on and whenever I walk in the street alone, I wear headphones because of how I walk and I talk, I get abuse on a daily basis. I am not alone in that. I am not alone in that. I have had times of unemployment. Unemployment is huge among disabled people. I tried to apply for jobs and I have been hung up on because of how I speak. And I’m not alone because right now a quarter of a million disabled people are unemployed and because of Covid, that is rising. I was going to say that disabled people are overlooked. But they’re not. They are deliberately ignored because disabled people need more care and more money and I don’t feel like, as a disabled person, I am getting the care and support I need right now.EMILY UNKNOWN [01:04:30] I just want to applaud Rosie for challenging you all on that. I want to raise an issue that was mentioned about SDN and children struggling in schools. The delays for diagnosis of difficulties is three years. Covid is going to increase that delay. Disability Discrimination Act gave us the rights to education. There are lots of children who can’t access education because they are still waiting for a diagnosis. What is going to be done about that?
FIONA BRUCE [01:05:04] Donna.
DONNA UNKNOWN [01:05:04] I think England it is important to remember that any one of us could become disabled at any point in time. So when we’re supporting an increase in access for disabled people we’re actually supporting ourselves, we’re supporting the entire country. So I think looking at this as, you know, as issues that are just for disabled people is just -- I don’t think it is helpful. It is about how do we increase access for all of us, including disabled people. That’s how I think we should look at this. [DONE]
FIONA BRUCE [00:16:52] Is this a particular concern for you, John? Is that why you asked the question. 
Audience Speaker [00:17:02] I asked the question because I’m probably the oldest person here in the whole audience, but I would be one of those down the line to be affected. I would not be in the first tranche but I’m well over 70 now so I would be fairly close to that. I personally, I’ve heard quite a few people are concerned about having the vaccine, but I wouldn’t hesitate to have it because I know a lot of people are very scared at the moment. Simple as that. [DONE]
FIONA BRUCE [00:17:30] Rosie, is it clear to you when someone in your situation might get the vaccine? 
ROSIE JONES [00:17:36] No, not really. I know you mention care workers and what about people who still need to work? What about teachers? What about people who work in supermarkets? Where in the line do they come?[Coleen]: Scientists and regulators have done an amazing job at getting the Pfizer vaccine developed, approved and off the starting blocks. Will they and the general public now be let down at the final hurdle by our logistics capabilities? 

Fiona Bruce [00:02:42] Sarah?

Sarah Jones [00:02:46] That’s the question everyone is asking at the moment. It is fantastic news that we’ve got the vaccine. It really is a moment to be proud, to be proud of all the scientists across the world working on all these vaccines and to have that light at the end of tunnel, when you are putting up your Christmas decorations you can think there will be an end to this because the vaccine is coming. It is brilliant. We know, and the scientists have been clear in the press conference with the prime minister, this is going to be very challenging logistically. Firstly, how is it going to be delivered and to whom. Of course, there are tiers of people that are going to get it first. But I don’t know about you, but my MP WhatsApp groups have been buzzing all day with people saying we heard there’s going to be a hospital here doing it, a hospital there, but what about our area?
Sarah Jones: Everyone is worrying about that. We worry about care homes, of course we do, because we know that, you know, there are logistical issues with this vaccine in terms of the temperature it needs to be. Are we going to make sure we can get to those care homes properly. Then I think there’s a challenge with public health and making sure people know they can trust this vaccine and they should use it. We’re not measles-free in this country any more. We were. We’re not any more because people haven’t trusted the vaccine. So we need a really good public health message. But, you know, this is a really big challenge. The government haven’t got it right on things like test and trace. They have to get it right now because these are people’s lives on the line. We can’t get this wrong again.Fiona Bruce [00:04:18] Liam.[DONE] 
Liam Halligan [00:04:20] Vaccines mark a major advance in human achievement since the enlightenment into the 19th Century and Britain’s been at the forefront of those achievements over the years and decades. But this isn’t the time for vaccine nationalism. I agree we should congratulate all the scientists, those in Belgium, the States, British scientists working in international teams here in the UK, with AstraZeneca -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:04:48] What about the logistical capabilities? 
Liam Halligan [00:04:52] They are obviously forefront now, now we’ve got a vaccine that’s been approved. It’s good -- I’m reassured that the British Army are going to be involved. They’re absolute world experts at rolling out things, complex logistic capabilities. This is probably going to be the biggest logistical exercise that our armed forces have undertaken since the Falklands War, which I’m old enough to remember, just about. So, as a neutral I’d like to see a lot of cross-party cooperation, and I’m encouraged with Sarah’s tone, everybody wants to see us getting on with it now. They don’t want to see competition on whose vaccine is best. There will be some instances where the Pfizer vaccine works better, another where you can’t have cold refrigeration, across the developing world as well, a cheaper vaccine like the AstraZeneca works better. Let’s keep our fingers crossed and hope we make a good job of this.Fiona Bruce [00:05:54] What prompted you to ask this? Do you have concerns or what’s behind it? 
[Coleen]: Well, we haven’t really covered ourselves in glory so far at any logistical exercise. I mean with the PPE, test and trace, any of the things that have had to be done to do with Covid. So, yes, I have got concerns. I also think maybe the government should be managing expectations better. They seem to come out and say everything is going to be done by springtime. I think that’s highly unlikely given the record. I don’t know that a lot has been gained by suggesting that. It will be great if the military is involved. I think it will be much better if the military was involved in the command and control rather than just the delivery side. I hope that’s the case.Fiona Bruce [00:15:00] Since we mentioned the Brexit word, and there was a time in this programme, believe you me, when we mentioned nothing but, let’s take a question from Katherine Hodges. [DONE]
[Katherine]: Has our departure from the European Union helped in speeding up the process of speeding up the vaccine? 
 Fiona Bruce [00:15:22] Michelle, just clarify where we stand with this. We heard a number of things about this from various people in the government today. 
Michelle Donelan [00:15:30] This is a global pandemic, it has been a global response and including -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:15:34] Has leaving the European Union sped it up as Mathew Hancock suggested? 
Michelle Donelan [00:15:42] Our regulator approved it. The European Union decided to back their regulator. It wasn’t against European rules for them to have deviated, each independent state, they chose not to do that.Fiona Bruce [00:11:26] Lots of hands. Beth. [Beth]: It has been a difficult year for everybody and I think news of this vaccine is a huge encouragement, the end is in sight. Also it is a very quick vaccine in the fact it has to be stored at -70C, it can’t be kept in the fridge like most normal ones can. Who’s going to be receiving it first in care homes and other facilities that perhaps aren’t geared to catering for this type of refrigeration, that could be an additional logistical challenge. But I think noticing the fact we’ve managed to produce this vaccine, scientists and research managed to produce this vaccine in a matter of months is a remarkable feat. I think the logistical side of it will be realistically easy compared to developing the vaccine in the first place. Fiona Bruce [00:12:20] Patrick? [Patrick]: This side of Christmas I think the logistics of delivery might go very well, hopefully. But given that the majority or a portion, at any rate, of the vaccines have to come from overseas, it is an unfortunate bit of timing occurring on December 31. That’s Brexit. I wonder if we can expect delays on deliveries after that date? Fiona Bruce [00:12:44] Lawrence? 
[Lawrence]: No doubt it is absolutely brilliant news, but this is an international problem. Bath is very much a tourism city. So I would like to know what the follow-up to this is. As we start becoming vaccinated, the rest of the world becomes vaccinated, is there some sort of passport system that will be introduced so we can start travelling abroad and tourists can start travelling back into the UK that have been vaccinated? 
Fiona Bruce [00:13:14] Michelle, let me ask you about that. The question about is Brexit going to slow down the import of the vaccine into this, then talk of an immunity passport which was hinted at, then dismissed by Michael Gove. 
Michelle Donelan [00:13:30] As a government we’ve not got plans to introduce a passport or anything like that, of that nature. Of course, businesses may look to do that in the future, but the key thing here needs to be promoting the vaccine and getting the rest of those vaccines green lit so we can start the roll-out properly and effectively.Fiona Bruce [00:06:42] Are we going to be let down by logistics capabilities? Michelle Donelan [00:06:46] No. I can totally understand why people are concerned and nervous at this stage. We’ve got this far, it is good news. But we made it very clear as a government this is a massive logistical challenge, but one that our NHS is up to, the same NHS that got us through this pandemic. Fantastic people, including in my own constituency that worked tirelessly to support us. We have a plan, we’re going to do this, we’re going to do it together, but this isn’t going to happen overnight. We need to be realistic about that. To be successful we need to green-light other vaccinations. This is the first one. It depends on the manufacture of these vaccinations. So it is out of our control as well. It is a long process. Hope and help is here, but there’s a long way to go.[DONE]Fiona Bruce [00:10:00] Tom?[DONE] 
Tom Kerridge [00:10:02] From my point of view it has been a magical couple of days, the news that’s coming through. It feels like there’s an end to this nightmare we have all been living. There’s short-term excitement about it, long term there are the problems of getting everybody vaccinated to make sure we can get our lives back to normal and running in that space. Yes, we have a poor track record how we’ve dealt with coronavirus. I have to be honest. You look at the way that the whole thing has been dealt with, you look at the track and trace system, it is something that we have struggled with. There have been bold claims about it and we’re still struggling with this now. So I can understand people’s worry, Colleen’s point of view are we going to fall into the same trap where it comes to rolling out the logistics of this. However, logistics isn’t falling into the tech problem where we’re trying to get everybody to download apps; it is more about getting close to people and resolving it. So, yes, I think if there are the army brought in, if there is people who are all over this have an understanding of how logistics work, it isn’t the same as the track and trace system, so it gives hope that perhaps there is something coming through the other side, that we will, eventually, get something right during this.[DONE]Matthew B [00:26:32] Why can people pile into shopping centres by the thousands but less than 100 people can sit at pub tables?[DONE] 
Fiona Bruce [00:26:40] Mathew, are you asking this from personal experience? 
Matthew B [00:26:44] Yes. You can control them in a pub whereas in shopping centres people run around wherever they want. 
Fiona Bruce [00:26:54] Do you work in a pub. 
Matthew B [00:26:54] Yes. 
Fiona Bruce [00:26:56] Are you working at the moment. 
Matthew B [00:26:58] No I’m on furlough at the moment. 
Fiona Bruce [00:27:02] I’m assuming because Bath is in Tier 2, you must be outside in a Tier 3 area? 
Matthew B [00:27:08] Just outside. Literally 200 yards my pub is from being in Tier 2.Sarah Jones [00:19:28] It’s almost like when you are a parent and you think your kids are the best and the cutest, but you don’t tell all the other parents you have the best and the cutest. It seems crass to say we’re the best country, aren’t we great. Oh it was because of Brexit, that was my policy. That’s not the point of what we’re we’re doing here. As it happens, I worked on the Olympics, I did a lot of work about global branding what the world thinks about us. As it happens, the world has a good view of us in terms of our ability to make things, get things done. If something is made in Great Britain, people trust it around the world. We are high up in terms of respect for what we do and who we are. We don’t need to use crass comments and shout about it. People know we’re good at science and we’re good at what we do, but so is the rest of the world. This is a time for all of us to celebrate what has happened, to come together, and not to try to make some cheap points, I think.Fiona Bruce [00:13:50] Are you concerned after 31 December we might have a problem getting the vaccines as speedily as we like? 

Michelle Donelan [00:13:56] The negotiations are going on, we know that. They are going to the wire, we all appreciate that. They are still going on. We have done endless preparations for every eventuality. 705 million into our borders. We are prepared, should that happen, either way. 

Fiona Bruce [00:14:12] Peter, have you any concerns about that, in terms of medicines coming across, but vaccines in particular after 31 December, is that something you discussed as scientists? [DONE]
Peter Openshaw [00:14:22] I desperately hope not. It would be an absolute disaster if it were to cause problems with transport of medicine -- other medicine as well as vaccines. I think it highlights an issue we have all been concerned about in the arena is that a lot of our medicine absolutely sure the supply is going to be uninterrupted. We have often quite shore supply trains, not very large stocks, of a lot of medications. I think this illustrates that problem. But I hope it will be overcome. It is a political problem rather than a scientific one.Fiona Bruce [00:27:16] Right. Tom, I’m going to come to you first. Tom Kerridge [00:27:20] Hospitality is being -- like Mathew was saying -- has been hugely exposed through all of this pandemic. The industry that has been at the frontline as well as travel, tourism, aviation, they’ve all been hit massively but from my point of view hospitality is under a huge amount of pressure right now. We’re able to open 200 yards away from Mathew, but you’re not now. All these contradictory questions. The problem that you come across is so many pubs, so many restaurants, so many hotels have spent so much money over a period of time being able to reopen, reinvest, try to make themselves Covid-secure, trying to make sure health and safety is being adhered to, risk assessments done, PE, social distancing, so we get through that first lockdown period where, to be fair to the government, the furlough scheme that Matthew is on has been helpful from a staffing point of view, but moving forward to open within the industry it needs much more help. There are pubs closed now losing thousands upon thousands of pounds.Fiona Bruce [00:23:30] Individual countries can approve emergency powers even within the EU. Liam Halligan [00:23:36] They can in principle, but they agreed between them not to do that. That’s just factually accurate. That’s what it is. What I didn’t like, the European Medical Agency again, yesterday, Mr Gavin Williams’s comments, which I agree were completely crass and if it were a joke it went badly wrong, the European Medical Agency yesterday was casting aspersions on our regulatory testing regime when the WHO has described as world class. It is not a nationalistic thing to say, it is just a point of fact. Once you get into this folly of different parts of the world, politicians chest-beating saying our regulations are better than your regulations, as people with public platforms, scientists, journalists, we have a big responsibility here. Quite a lot of our population, and maybe we’ll come on to this, is concerned about taking the vaccine, a smaller proportion here than in our European countries and across the world. We don’t want to get into a Dutch auction of whose regulator is better. We did do the phase 1, 2 and 3 tests here. The Chinese and Russians are rolling out vaccines before they do the phase 3 tests. It was good to hear from Peter, and indeed from our audience, why it is we’ve managed to truncate this by doing different things in parallel. Vaccines take years, but you are trying to generate funding. We obviously don’t have that. I would like to do so us getting beyond this vaccine nationalism, which I think Gavin’s comments played into. We’ve all had enough of this virus around the world. We want to see our leaders getting on, supporting each other, calling out regulatory slips where we can see them happening, but supporting each other when we can see that responsible regulatory bodies are doing their job, whoever gets there first.Fiona Bruce [00:07:34] Can I just ask you, the government and Jonathan Van-Tam have been saying today the aim is to get it to care homes first, but there are difficulties with this vaccine because it has to be stored at such a cold temperature so it’s not getting to care homes first. But in Scotland, the Scottish health says care home residents will have it from 14 December. What are they able to do that we can’t? 
Michelle Donelan [00:08:00] My understanding is you can’t break up -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:08:04] No, why are they able to do it and we’re not able to do it? 
Michelle Donelan [00:08:08] It is about breaking them up. That needs the approval to do that so you’re not wasting vaccines -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:08:16] That’s true for the Scottish government as well. Is what they are saying is not right or -- 
Michelle Donelan [00:08:22] I can’t speak to the exact comment. It may be they are banking on the approval coming. We said throughout for a number of weeks now that our priority is care homes and making sure we get that vaccination in there as quickly as possible. We have to do that and we will be doing it as soon as we can.Fiona Bruce [00:29:54] You have a representative of the government here. What would you like the government to do. 
 Tom Kerridge [00:29:58] The VAT cut should be pushed on to wet led pubs, on to alcohol. The idea that the restrictions that you make that people are not allowed to go into pubs unless they’re having something to eat, the conversation that Matthew -- the question he’s asking about shopping centres or pubs, I mean there is no real difference. We’re all grown adults, surely you're able to go out, have a drink socially rather than shopping. The idea that alcohol is driven to people’s behaviour, the way that it changes, there are plenty of people that enjoy socially mixing, under Covid environments, making sure they can be there. That VAT cut should be put on pubs.[DONE] 
 Michelle Donelan [00:30:44] I totally agree with you. Pubs have gone above and beyond to be Covid-secure. It has been awful, I’ve seen it in my own constituency with staff having to be furloughed. The £1,000 I don’t think we can target and focus on that because that’s part of the bigger context. A pub that has to close at the moment gets £3,000, they got up to 25,000 in the first tranche, there is the furlough scheme, there’s also the VAT down to 5 percent for --
 Tom Kerridge [00:31:16] Not on wet led pubs.Michelle Donelan [00:31:20] I’m saying this is part of a broader package. It won’t be applicable to all of them, but the majority is to most. So we can’t just focus on that £1,000. The prime minister was announcing that as additional support and additional help. I hear what you’re saying about why have pubs been unfairly hit or targeted. No politician wants to make these choices. I didn’t enter politics to shut down pubs. 
Tom Kerridge [00:31:48] you can make the choice to give more support to pubs. 
Michelle Donelan [00:31:52] Why are we making these decisions in the first place and it is fundamentally for public health and safety and directed by the science. 
Tom Kerridge [00:32:00] Transmissional rates in hospitality was at 3 percent. Between 3 and 5 percent within hospitality. 
Liam Halligan [00:32:08] 10 percent of the workforce, hospitality. 
Tom Kerridge [00:32:12] Also employs over 3 million people. It sat there with -- we saw the “eat out to help out” schemes. Places where the infection rates did not rise then. Infection rate rises came and students were moving up and down --Fiona Bruce [00:34:02] I’m sorry to interrupt you. I have to let everybody in as well. But you feel so passionately about it. It is the heart and soul of what you do. Let’s hear from our audience. Jai. [Jai]: This is an argument that is going to rumble on for months to come. Don’t we all think it is time that we have a minister in partly for hospitality. Fiona Bruce [00:34:26] Tom is nodding at that. Liam Halligan [00:34:28] He wants the job! . Fiona Bruce [00:34:32] It could be a new gig for you. [Andy]: I think the hospitality industry has been given some guidelines. I think in some way it can be self regulated. From my point of view, if I was going to go to a restaurant and I thought they were sticking to the guidelines well, I would go to that restaurant or pub. You see some not doing it so well, you wouldn’t go. So long as there’s Guidelines, these places need to be open. I’m sure they need to be open because there’s a lot of jobs at stake in this sector. So, you know, a little bit of self-regulating, I think, then people can make their own choice: I’m not going to go in that pub because it looks too busy and too loud.Fiona Bruce [00:16:52] Are you concerned that Mathew Hancock said that, also Gavin Williamson saying we have the best people in this country, we have the best medical regulators, better than the French, better than the Belgians, we’re a much better country than all of them, including the U.S. Then you have Anthony Fauci responding saying the UK took the data from Pfizer and instead of scrutinising it said okay, let’s approve it, that’s it. You also have the European Union kicking back again. 
Michelle Donelan [00:17:26] We should all have faith in this vaccination. We shouldn’t be afraid of talking up our country and the people that work in it and the amazing scientists that have worked on the process here, the regulation, getting it through in time. It is a fantastic achievement. But it is also a worldwide achievement. And we’re relying on a catalogue of other vaccinations produced across the globe.[DONE]
Fiona Bruce [00:38:50] Peter, since we have you here, it is an argument that a number of people have raised, this idea of stratification, as you called it, shielding certain sections of the population, letting others have more freedom, are you convinced by that?[DONE] Peter Openshaw [00:39:04] I think we know if we try that then it is going to eventually work its way up to the most vulnerable. There is very good evidence that the most vulnerable are able to screen themselves off still and there’s a declining rate of disease transmission in those most vulnerable people. But we have seen in many locations when you try to allow the rates to go up a little bit in order to open businesses, inevitably it does percolate through into the vulnerability population. It is a difficult problem. I hope we can get the vaccines into those vulnerable populations so that effect won’t occur. [DONE]Peter Openshaw [00:17:56] I think the MRHA is one of the most respected bodies internationally. They are extraordinarily careful in the way they scrutinise medicine to make sure they are safe. I have no worry at all about the way they scrutinised the data on the Pfizer BioNTech vaccine. I think it is very, very important that medicines are properly regulated and we do have a proud record of it. I don’t think it has been affected by Brexit because this is a message regulation that has gone through all the due processes. I would be very happy, indeed, to be given this vaccine tomorrow if it was offered to me. [DONE]
Fiona Bruce [00:18:38] So I’m just wondering what you make of the responses that we’ve had today from the European Union, from Anthony Fauci, for example, who -- well, it is suggested they feel a bit stung by what has been said over here? 
Peter Openshaw [00:18:52] I think there is unfortunate international competition being set up. This is really us against the virus; it is not us against the Americans, us against the Europeans. We all ought to be pulling together to do everything we can to defeat this virus, and just speaking with one voice. I think it is very unfortunate, indeed, if we are trying to divide opinions on this matter. It is quite clear it has been very carefully scrutinised and I have no concerns about it. [DONE]

Fiona Bruce [00:45:38] Peter, you wanted to come in. 
Peter Openshaw [00:45:42] I think it is desperately important that there is attention paid to scientific collaboration in the negotiations over Brexit. We know the collaborations we’ve had over the past few decades within the EU have been absolutely vital in driving big science. That’s the way science is going, it is very collaborative, very international, and we benefited hugely from the European funding system where every 5 million we put in we get 8.6 million back. So this is a very, very important point for UK universities, for UK science, that we get a really good deal in terms of being able still to continue all that collaboration.
Fiona Bruce [00:43:22] Sarah? 

Sarah Jones [00:43:24] I was last on this programme on 30 January which was the day before we left the EU, and I can remember saying: We have no idea yet what the deal is anything to -- actual final deal is going to look like. We still have no idea what the final deal is going to look like 10 months later. It is ridiculous. The fact the government have got to this point where we are right at the cusp of the cut-off point is very bad management and it’s a very poor show. I think we know the deal is going to be thinner than it was promised to be. We were promised all bells and whistles and it is going to be thinner. There are significant issues we need to worry about. The government has told us the deal is there to be done. I am prepared to take them at their word and maybe the deal will be done and I hope it will. But I know the haulage industry, the logistic centuries are very worried about what’s going to happen. The government need to do what they said they were going to do, support businesses through Covid, then we need to look beyond, what kind of country are we going to build. How we’re going to build an economy next year is going to take more than Rishi Sunak in a fancy cashmere sweater telling us he is going to freeze public sector pay. We need a plan for what is the strategy going forward

Michelle Donelan [00:32:28] I don’t think we should blame students. 
Tom Kerridge [00:32:32] The students aren’t to blame, it is the movement of people. 
Fiona Bruce [00:32:36] Peter, do you want to pitch in here since you are the man looking at this evidence as a scientist. [DONE]
Peter Openshaw [00:32:42] I think it is very clear there are things that transmit the virus very well and that’s often in venues where there’s poor ventilation, loud music, people have to shout to overcome the noise, then you’re emitting a lot of spittle particles that transmit the virus. If you have a quiet environment with well ventilated areas, where you can have social ventilation, and there are well-managed places you can have a meal and drink a pint at the same time where the transmission rate is very, very low. But loud music and shouting in a close environment is per for the transmission of the virus. 
Fiona Bruce [00:33:28] If there was a pub that wasn’t playing music would you be happy to go there. 
Peter Openshaw [00:33:32] I would be comfortable to go into a pub that was quiet, well-ventilated and you could keep your distance from people. 
Tom Kerridge [00:33:40] This is an industry that is on its knees. These are places that are closing. It’s an industry that was struggling before Covid came along. Now we’re at a point where many loans have been taken out to get to reopen. Then being put into tier systems where the evidence for their closing has been very selective from a case study --Sarah Jones [00:39:50] I completely agree with Liam’s frustration, but I don’t agree with his solution. I think there are several things here. The first is, in defence of the tier system, which I will do on behalf of the government, when you decide that you’re not going to have complete lockdown with everyone staying at home and you decide you’re not going to have the absolute opposite, you have to draw the line somewhere. There will always be real horrible peculiarities in the way you draw that line because things will not make sense in the area where the line is drawn. The second point is where you draw that line and you say to pubs you can’t make a living now properly and you have to provide the support, and the support they are getting now is a third of what it was. In areas where they have been in lockdown for months, they are getting the additional grant, you get the same if you are in the Isle of Wight as if you are in Manchester. That’s not fair. In April what’s going to happen, there’s a new tax regime, you have to start paying business rates again, start paying back all this debt. There’s a cut-off point at the start of the financial year which the government has to address. Surely we can work our way out of the tiers not just by relying on the vaccine by having the test and trace, having all the systems in place so we reduce the spread of this without just waiting for the vaccine. Because that is going to take --Fiona Bruce [00:42:34] Can I ask you because our political editor Laura Kuenssberg is reporting that the negotiations are going less well and the EU is throwing in a few new added things to be discussed. What light can you shed on that?[DONE] 

Michelle Donelan [00:42:48] As you will know Laura’s not in the negotiations, neither am I. 

Fiona Bruce [00:42:52] I was just wondering if -- what you can tell us about that. 

Michelle Donelan [00:42:56] We’ll find out over the coming days exactly what’s happening. We have been very clear throughout this, whether we get a deal or not we’re going to make a success of this. I don be it is helpful talking all the time about the withdrawal agreement -- 

Fiona Bruce [00:43:12] That’s not a trade deal. 

Michelle Donelan [00:43:14] I think we’re always harking back to where we were a while ago. This no deal rhetoric, really.[DONE]Michelle Donelan [00:44:48] Would you have preferred the negotiators to have given in earlier and not stood by Britain’s interest. Sarah Jones [00:44:56] I would have preferred the prime minister to be correct when he said I will get the deal in July, which is what he promised in June, he said he would have the deal in July. He didn’t. He was confident the deal was oven-ready in December. We haven’t seen it. If you’re in manufacturing now, how can you encourage investment from abroad if you don’t know if you’re going to be under a tariff regime in a few weeks time. If you’re a farmer, how can you plan for the future if you don’t know what the tariff regime is going to be. Our financial services are already making the decision to go elsewhere because all this uncertainty means people have no idea what’s ahead. That’s bad management from government. [DONE]Michelle Donelan [00:45:36] It’s an active negotiation.Part 27
Fiona Bruce [00:35:22] Anya.[DONE]
[Anya]: I think it is important we keep hospitality places open. Especially students using things like this to get through college and university, it is hard when you are not making that money. It has had a knock-on effect for the employees who work there. I think it is bit -- it is something you have to work on. So so long as they’re doing their bit and keeping it well-ventilated and following guidelines. It is a bit like school. Schools are open, we’re all socialising in big numbers. If we can do that at school, it’s had a big effect on hospitality by shutting down those places. 
Liam Halligan [00:36:06] As I said, the hospitality sector employs 10 percent of the workforce. It doesn’t give me any pleasure to say it but we’re facing a tsunami of unemployment here. With the best will in the world even though the vaccine is well on the way, Amen to that, we could have another six months of lockdown. I personally think we need to be smarter about how we lockdown. Locking us down by region is too much of a blunt instrument. Look at the case of Kent where you have high infections on the Medway towns but in rural Kent some of the lowest infection rates in the country. The Covid recovery group pushed the prime minister to say he wants to be more granular, breaking down regions into particular areas so that country pub where our resident scientist says there really is no danger so long as it is well-ventilated, that’s a family with their house, their mortgage, the life savings on the line, and Tom is nodding from the waist. So we have to help businesses get through what could be another six months of this. We can offer more help, we want to see that, but we’re borrowing £400 billion this year -- in a single year. This is outlandish amounts of money. There has to be a limit to throwing money at a situation. It’s costing us £1 billion a day.Fiona Bruce [00:47:42] You are passionate of the media. [DONE]

Liam Halligan [00:47:46] I’m a freelance journalist. This was cobbled together quickly as Britain was entering in 1973 and for the cost of a lunch with George Pompidou, Edward Heath at the last-minute said you can enter our fishing waters. Now we get to a situation where two-thirds of fish in British waters are caught by non-British boats. That can’t be right. This is a kind of Colonial relationship where some independent countries have a hold over the sources of another now sovereign, independent country. And the reason fishing is such a small percentage of our economy is because it has been decimated. It’s been decimated in some of the poorest areas of the country. 
Fiona Bruce [00:48:34] Over 50 percent of the fishing quota has been sold to foreign companies. 
 Liam Halligan [00:48:40] Because our industry can’t get an economic foothold because it has been so marginalised. By the way, lots of my friend in the Green Party, for many years were against the fishing policy because it has led to over fishing. If we had a British fishing policy we could allow stocks to replenish in our British waters. Why can’t we have the same deal the Norwegians have. That’s why they didn’t join the economic community as well in 1937, where they renegotiate, every year, fair and square.[DONE]Liam Halligan [00:41:20] I would say once you have the 3.2 million people over 80 safely vaccinated, then you can start moving towards a more age stratified approach. We have a lot of smart people in this country, I agree with the education secretary at least on that. We have to be cleverer rather than just a blunt instrument of regional lockdowns. 
Fiona Bruce [00:41:40] I want to fit in a few more questions. Alex Hunt.[DONE] 
[Alex]: With EU trade negotiations nearing completion would the government still opt to walk away if negotiators refuse to concede on fishing, a sector worth less than 0.1 percent of GDP. 
Michelle Donelan [00:42:04] When we had the referendum the key theme was taking back control of our money, our borders, our laws, including fishing rights. I don’t think it is unreasonable as an independent sovereign state we want to have control over the water and the fishing rights. We’re not asking for something that’s unreasonable from the EU or something they have not given to other nations. So this is an important thing. Those negotiations are still going on. There is still the hope we will get a deal in time.Fiona Bruce [00:54:56] Sarah, Georgia’s question is that she’s feeling short changed. Sarah Jones [00:55:08] I do sympathise. I know there has been some repayment made from -- is it Manchester University has made some accommodation. Fiona Bruce [00:55:14] Yes, for accommodation, not for teaching. [DONE] Sarah Jones [00:55:18] Other universities are looking at some of those things. I think the government should look at that as well and see whether there’s support they can give. But the absolute key has to be we crack this thing and we make sure we come back to normal as quickly as possible so everybody has to adhere to the rules, we have to -- Fiona Bruce [00:55:34] Do you think that students like Georgia should be reimbursed? Sarah Jones [00:55:38] That’s what we need to look at. There will have been different experiences for different students. It will be a different experience depending what university you’re at and what you do. Liam Halligan [00:55:50] I did two degrees. Most people that taught me were under 40. Why can’t that kind of teaching carry on?Fiona Bruce [00:37:32] If it is not a question of money, what do you suggest it is?[DONE] Liam Halligan [00:37:36] I think we need to lock down in a much more granular fashion, more geographical specific. It is often poohed-poohed but I think there’s a case for age stratification. Letting the younger generation get out there, do their thing, shielding the elderly if they want to be shielded. People say that’s impossible because there are multi-generational households.9 percent of all households, people of working age, do not live with anyone over 65 where the vast majority of Covid fatalities and Covid cases occur. We can use unused hotels where you have multi-generational families so workers aren’; coming home and, in the unfortunate phrase “killing their granule I didn’t say.” It’s not money we’re spending every day in the terms of furlough and business support, it is the taxes we’re not raising. Unless we’re going to have a major economic overhang going on for years and years and years and a difficulty of funding infrastructure, all the things we need going forward, we have to get our economy moving again.Part 38Fiona Bruce [00:49:12] Let’s hear from some of our audience who have their hand up. Steph.[Steph] I think this oven-ready deal we were promised is another example of an election promise that hasn’t been met. I just wanted to ask you, when are our elected politicians and leaders going to start taking more accountability for a number of promises that have been broken over the years?Fiona Bruce [00:49:38] The oven-ready deal was with reference to the withdrawal agreement -- you correct me if I’m wrong about that Michelle. Matthew B. Matthew B [00:49:48] If we take back our waters, how are we going to police them?Fiona Bruce [00:49:56] Michelle, do you have a view on that? Michelle Donelan [00:49:58] This is about taking back control of not just our waters as we said in that referendum but also our laws, our borders and our money.Fiona Bruce [00:50:08] Mathew is asking about policing it.
Michelle Donelan [00:50:10] So this is about the agreements that we have. I don’t think we are anticipating that if we enter into agreements with other countries that suddenly they are not going to be respected en mass at all. Fiona Bruce [00:50:22] Obviously we had cod wars before so it wouldn’t be entirely unprecedented. Tom Kerridge [00:50:30] From an industry that needs a deal to come through as quickly as possible, it is the uncertainty of being able to move forward. Time is running out very, very quickly. Personally speaking, any deal is going to be better than no deal. The way that the prices are going to rise, the way -- the uncertainty of the market. We are not a self-sufficient country. You know, we export -- we only produce 70 percent of the meat that we need in this country for us. We import at least 30 percent. We have the trade tariffs that need to be sorted out. Time is running out so rapidly, as we get to the end of Covid 19, we are at Brexit. You know, all of these pressures that it’s put us under, there’s so much where hospitality can bring to the forefront of regenerating, of being part of the high street. We talk about high streets and retail bid in trouble. A retail experience generating movement, cash, everything flowing, without hospitality being a part of that, why would you be going to the high street? How do we drive things forward? We need a solid foundation. We need the Brexit deals decided, we need to be able to move forward. We need to future-proof the hospitality industry. It is the beating heart and soul of communities. That’s the other thing that we’re forgetting here when we talk about the offers that we put in. It is not just what we sell. We don’t just sell food and drink, we give the fabric of society -- it’s intertwined with meeting up, being a whole part of it. That is a foundation as a whole country, no matter what business it is , to be able to drive forward.Fiona Bruce [00:53:26] I’m going to go around quickly but I thought it was an important question. Liam. 
Liam Halligan [00:53:32] I have two school age children, one at university. But just as a citizen not just a dad my heart breaks for people. That’s why I wanted to see more age stratified lockdown. Older lecturers, older teachers who are vulnerable, who have pre-exiting conditions, they can supported financially while shielding, but we have been far too quick to close down schools and, for the most part, universities. It really for me sticks in the craw. I would like to see universities refunding students part of these fees they’re paying particularly, as we’ve heard, students from lower socio-economic groups. 
Fiona Bruce [00:54:10] Peter?
Peter Openshaw [00:54:12] I think it has been an incredibly tough year not only for students but also for staff. You know, my colleagues at Imperial have been working day and night to try to make it safe to teach. Many universities have succeeded really well. There have been very few in-class transmissions of the virus and there has been quite a lot of transmission, but that’s mostly due to students being social, which is what they come to university for. I think it is patchy, but I do want to acknowledge the huge effort that has been put in by many people at universities and by hugely dedicated people who are trying to deliver teaching under very difficult circumstances.Fiona Bruce [00:52:16] We don’t have much time left but one more question from F.. [Georgia]: Due to the Covid crisis teaching across universities has been dire. Some students are only receiving 2-hours a week, creating 289 per in-person session this semester. How can you justify charging this amount, especially to those in lower socio-economic brackets. 
Fiona Bruce [00:52:44] I’m assuming you’re a university student, Georgia. What has your experience been? [Georgia]: It has been difficult in terms of Covid. Last year we were dismissed from university early, earlier than expected. It has become very prevalent that corona is not going anywhere. But the management within many universities has been rather abysmal, in my opinion, we haven’t received the education we’ve been promised. We haven’t received the resources we’ve been promised. Everything has been put on hold. As a student I’m still paying obscene fees for minimal education.Fiona Bruce [00:56:56] You think the universities should pay up if students fell or are able to prove they haven’t had enough teaching? 

Michelle Donelan [00:57:02] I have seen wonderful examples of blended learning, where universities have gone to produce great learning. Just because it is online does not mean it is inferior. Not at all. Are there some students that feel dissatisfied? Absolutely. We heard that. There’s a process in place for them. They complain to their university, then they can go to the OIA, the office of the independent adjudicator. They can get fashionable re didn’t understand or full refund based on that. 

Fiona Bruce [00:57:36] Have any students succeeded in that. 

Michelle Donelan [00:57:38] Yes, in the past before as well with the strikes that we saw. There were a number of students going through that. Obviously there’s a time lag because they do the complaint first to the university. Nobody is denying it hasn’t been difficult, of course it has. But a number of universities have really invested in that blended learning model. But I totally take on board the comments and recognise the process that should be followed. 

Fiona Bruce [00:58:04] Georgia, does that answer your question? 

[Georgia]: Yes, thank you. 
Fiona Bruce [00:58:10] That’s a satisfied customer, that’s what you like to hear.Fiona Bruce [00:55:56] Tom. Tom Kerridge [00:55:58] Being a student is an incredibly expensive thing these days. You come out with debt. It is not just being a student. If you are spending money on something and expecting 100 percent bang for it but you’re not getting it, you’re only getting 50 per cent of what you paid 100 percent for, surely you want 50 percent back. Students should be getting their money back. [DONE]Michelle Donelan [00:56:22] This has been a really difficult time for students. I try to empathise and understand, not having been at university during this time I can only try to do that, because it has been really difficult. But we as a government set the minimum tuition fees and universities, if they want to charge that maximum, we have been very clear, they have to ensure the quality is maintained, they have to ensure the quantity is maintained. They have to ensure that tuition is accessible. If you don’t think you have been getting that, then I would urge you to make a formal complaint to your university. There’s a process in place --Part 13Fiona Bruce [00:15:56] The important thing -- the question is has leaving the European Union helped in speeding up the process. The health Secretary said we all do the safety checks but we have been able to speed it up because of Brexit. Is that right?
Michelle Donelan [00:16:14] As I said, the Europeans have collectively utilised one regulator, we have our own regulator and they adopted different processes here. We have given them rolling results throughout --
Fiona Bruce [00:16:26] Have we been able to do it more quickly?
Michelle Donelan [00:16:30] Yes, we have been able to do it more quickly because of rolling results, they tested it sequentially, that speeded up the process. But it hasn’t cut corners around the safety. That is why we can be confident this vaccine will work, it will be effective and it won’t have the side effects you might worry about thinking golly, this has been done so quickly.Fiona Bruce [00:28:28] What would you like to see happen? 
Tom Kerridge [00:28:30] First of all, we need plenty of investment. We need -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:28:34] The government has proposed a grant of £1,000 to pubs that can’t -- 
Tom Kerridge [00:28:42] It’s 40 million by the time you break that down to wet led pubs, think have been -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:28:48] Just to be clear because not everyone is familiar with the terminology. That’s a pub that doesn’t serve substantial meals, just drinks and snacks. 
Tom Kerridge [00:28:58] The community pubs, the places that people go and meet, the places that are the centre of people’s hearts and so you also, these have been massively hit. The places that don’t serve a Scotch egg. 
Liam Halligan [00:29:12] With a pickle on the side. [DONE]
Fiona Bruce [00:29:14] So the grant -- I interrupt to just explain what the word meant, but we were talking about the grant from the government. 
Tom Kerridge [00:29:22] By the time that 40 million has been spread out to the wet led pubs, they have not had the VAT cut. So they haven’t got the 15 percent which the government have helped which has been helpful for food, hotels and accommodation. But these pubs have had that break. Those pubs make small margins, there’s small margins in hospitality anyway. But the actual spend --Fiona Bruce [00:08:42] Peter, in terms of the logistics, a fantastic breakthrough to have a vaccine, never mind a couple coming down the pipeline. What about getting it out to people? Peter Openshaw [00:08:54] This is a tremendous triumph of science that we got this far. I think we are up to the logistic challenge and that’s because we have a system in the NHS that can deliver vaccines at scale. We have tremendous networks which are already present throughout the country. I don’t think we need to put in a whole new command and control system in order to do this because we do have the people already up for this particular challenge. I think the problem about breaking up the batches and getting them out into care homes is an important one. We know the best way to deliver vaccines is at the point where people are assembled in work places, schools, so on. We always know that’s the best way to do it. So I think we must find ways of getting around the logistical problems, which are because of having only four stages that you’re allowed by the regulations to stage this vaccine as it comes from the factory into the delivery points. But I think that is surmountable. It just needs a lot of work.Fiona Bruce [00:20:24] Alex.[DONE] 
[Alex]: I do think we need to get away from the vaccine nationalism. I completely agree. We all need to be in this together. We should all be working together to get the vaccine out as quickly as we can, ensuring that it’s safe and effective. I think that kind of links with the point we made earlier. That’s why I think Gavin Williams’s comments were very unhelpful. It wasn’t diplomatic. It’s not particularly helpful concerning Brexit negotiations. The world knows British scientists are amongst the best but I really don’t think those comments were helpful. I think we should be clubbing together and doing everything as an international community. 
Fiona Bruce [00:21:08] Tom. 
Tom Kerridge [00:21:10] It felt toe curlingly cringy this morning. The words coming out. To turn it into a political point-scoring space race. How the scien has worked together to make this happen has been amazing. Lots of vaccines being announced at pretty much the same time. Clearly the scientists have been working together to create something that solves a world problem. It is something that we should all be so proud of. This morning those comments coming out, it puts you -- it’s that bit where you talk about your child, he’s the best, whatever. I find it quite embarrassing this morning, those comments. It was a little toe-curling.
Fiona Bruce [00:21:52] Patrick. You have your hand up

[Patrick]: Thank you. I’ve only ever been involved from the periphery with the regulatory process of medicine, but as I understand it, the MRHA have run some of the phases and steps in parallel with each other rather than sequentially with some overlap between them and that’s what shortened everything. But I think the MRHA is an institution with a significant international reputation that will stand by having done that. It can justify not having cut any corners. I feel quite confident in what they’ve done.

Fiona Bruce [00:22:26] Mathew T, I’m calling you Mathew T because we have two Matthews in our audience
 
Matthew T [00:22:34] Instead of saying crass comments, how would the Panel suggest we should collaborate with other nations better during this whole vaccine roll-

Fiona Bruce [00:22:44] That is a big question. Liam, feel free to tackle that, but the original question, has our departure from the European Union speeded up the process?

Liam Halligan [00:22:54] In response to the original question, people can take from this what they will. It’s kind of depressing that we’re still fighting the referendum of June 2016 even at this late stage. As a point of fact, the EU could have invoked emergency powers to speed up the emergency process but it chose not to. If we were still part of the European Union we would be part of that collective decision. We decided to not be part of that and that’s why, as a point of fact, we were able to approve this vaccine slightly quicker.Fiona Bruce [00:46:24] Liam? 
Liam Halligan [00:46:26] We have a withdrawal agreement. What we are after now is a trading agreement. So we don’t trade on World Health Organisation terms. If we do, it will be low on some sectors, high on others. The money we don’t spend in Brussels, maybe the 10 billion a year can be spent on other areas. I think there will be. The EU has a trade deficit of almost £100 billion. That’s hundreds of thousands of jobs in Germany and France. So I think the European Union wants a deal. But I share the frustration because on the surface fishing is a small percentage of the economy. It is even smaller in France. Macron has a fight on his hands in the 2022 election, not just from Marie la Penn but fishermen and the north of France. Look at what we are considering here. I study the issue closely, it is always the Brits, represented by our own media, who are represented as being unreasonable.Susan Desouza [00:06:04] Thank you. Could I just make two points. Firstly, Israel have been deploying out the Pfizer vaccine. They had all the logistic issues we have, but they managed to roll out a million vaccines in 12 days. The second point, you mentioned about the 12-week gap between the first and second dose for Pfizer. The World Health Organisation yesterday were very clear that they reckoned that -- well, they stated that it should be between 21 and 28 days maximum gap between the first and second dose and, in exceptional circumstances, up to 6 weeks. This is a really, really important point. I’ve had five friends of mine contacting me today specifically worried about why we are not following the World Health Organisation rules and advice and Pfizer’s advice as well. Fiona Bruce [00:07:06] Shall I come to Mark on that.Fiona Bruce [00:04:58] In terms of the question, could we move faster? 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:05:02] The limitation was actually the vaccine delivery. So with Pfizer/BioNTech we had to hold back 50 percent until the regulator, the MHRA and the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation and the chief medical officers said we could go to a 12-week interval between doses instead of the three-week interval. Now, this week, as of Monday, we got 530,000 doses of the AstraZeneca Oxford vaccine, and we have millions of doses that will come in the next weeks and months to come. The target we have been set is to do the first four cohorts by middle of February. So stretching target, an ambitious target because you are talking about 13 plus million people who will be the vaccine. Fiona Bruce [00:05:58] It is just under 14 million, isn’t it? 13.9. Suzanne, you wanted back in. [DONE] Part 1Susan Desouza [00:03:28] Thank you. Both Pfizer and AstraZeneca insist there is no shortage of vaccines. There, instead, appears to be a huge blockage in our ability to deploy the vaccine effectively and appears to stem from a lack of joined up planning and a refusal to use all the resources available to us. If Israel can manage 16,000 vaccinations every day, why can’t we do better? 
Fiona Bruce [00:03:58] Why can’t we, Nadhim. 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:04:02] Thank you very much for the question. So, the NHS in England and Wales and Scotland and Northern Ireland have put together a delivery plan. We started on 8 December with the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine, a vaccine that has to travel at minus 70 degrees Centigrade. We rolled out into primary care which is the most effective way to get to the most vulnerable, which we were focussing on which is the over 80s. We have now vaccinated 1 quarter, 25 percent of people who are over 80. In two weeks’ time they will have that protection when the vaccine begins to really take effect. Fiona Bruce [00:14:32] Humphrey. 
 Humphrey Cobbold [00:14:40] I think Annaliese is right in terms of the progress that needs to happen now. It can't be much of a surprise that we need to do a rapid vaccine roll-out. We’ve known about this for 9 months, at some time we were going to have to do this. It is a logistics and planning exercise. We heard before the show that good people are involved, but I think you’ll find, Nadhim, there is a willingness across the population and across businesses to do whatever you need, whatever is required to accelerate and deliver this vaccine. I’ve got 270 sites around the country of gyms, the size of 3 or 4 tennis courts, I have memorandum on if you are low the government are paying, we and I’m sure every business in our situation that have been battered, frankly, by this virus, our biggest interest collectively as a country is seeing us come through this as swiftly as possible. You guys tell us what you need, we’ll make what’s available to you, what’s necessary, do anything in our power to make that happen. But let’s accelerate the process and be truly ambitious. If we can do 1 million a week, why can’t we do 4 million a week. There’s enough people, enough goodwill in this country to make that happen. I’m confident of that. [DONE]Fiona Bruce [00:23:52] This presumably is taking a toll on you. Rachel Clarke [00:23:56] Absolutely. Today we have had the devastating news this afternoon that we have reached a truly world beating and bleak in the extreme milestone. Today, in the last 24-hours, over 1,000 people have lost their lives to COVID. Now that’s more than every single person who has died in Australia of COVID has died in their entire pandemic. We have lost more than the entire Australian death toll in 24-hours. Conditions in hospitals are unimaginable. We have ambulances queuing up outside, patients we can’t get them out of the ambulances into hospitals because every single bed in intensive care, in the wards, in A&amp;E is full. Tonight I had messages from a doctor in London to tell me that police cars are delivering critically ill COVID patients into his hospital in London because there are no ambulances. That is how bad things are. How -- how could the government have allowed things to get so bad? SAGE told the government in September to have a circuit breaker. They told the government before Christmas: You have to lock down. And Boris Johnson ignored it because he is pathologically incapable of making a difficult decision. And that is reprehensible.[DONE]

Mark Walport [00:25:20] I’m afraid the second wave was entirely predictable. There’s no question about that. But we are now where we are. Of course the critical -- Fiona Bruce [00:25:30] Just to be clear, SAGE, the scientific advisory body that psychoanalyses the government that you are a part of, you called for tougher measures back in September. Mark Walport [00:25:40] We printed the evidence to the government that there was likely to be a second wave. Obviously the government is looking at the direct harms we are talking about now, also the economic damage, the loss to education, all these other things. It is for them to balance.[DONE] Fiona Bruce [00:25:54] Did you feel your advice was ignored or -- Mark Walport [00:25:58] I’m sure the was delivered. It will need to be Nadhim tells us what the government decided to do with the advice. But the job of SAGE is to deliver the evidence and SAGE looks through the lens of the pandemic and the infection and it provides advice on that. It doesn’t provide the economic advice or the other advice. But I ask the critical thing is now everyone has to recognise that this lockdown is really serious. It is not only what the rules are but the way people obey them that matters as well. This really is an absolutely critical moment where the numbers are higher than they were in the first wave in almost everything. We’re going to see the deaths continue to rise for several weeks to come. People have to really, really socially distance.Part 11Rachel Clarke [00:19:16] Can I follow on from that point about disappointment. Fiona Bruce [00:19:20] Very briefly because there are other questions we need to get in.[DONE] Rachel Clarke [00:19:22] Unfortunately there has been a recurring theme throughout this of the government, particularly Boris Johnson, overpromising and underdelivering. The NHS is not responsible for Boris’s rhetoric, “world beating”, “moon shots”. On Monday he looked the nation in the eye and said his target, which we would deliver is 13.9 million vaccines by the middle of February. This morning, when you were challenged on that question you said you wouldn’t bandy around random numbers. The problem is your prime minister did that 48 hours earlier and, at the time you -- Nadhim Zahawi [00:20:06] I’m on record as saying we will deliver that. I stand by that. We will absolutely deliver for the first four cohorts by mid February, I’m -- the NHS plan -- Fiona Bruce [00:20:18] We will be delighted to see you back on this programme at that point and we’ll see where we are. Let me take another question. We could talk about just vaccines all night. It is critical. I appreciate that but there are other questions our audience want to put and I want to hear them. Chris.

Chris Auron [00:20:38] We have entered a third lockdown. How many more lives were lost before the government decided to call this lockdown? Fiona Bruce [00:20:50] I know you are asking this because of what happened to your mother. Will you tell us briefly your story? [Chris Auron] yes. My mom, in the picture behind me, is 58 year old. I lost my mum on 9 April last year to COVID. There’s -- it’s been incredibly difficult as a family. There are 76,000 families out there that are now grieving the loss of loved ones, let alone how this is affecting our key workers. For example, the nurses in that hospital. My mum’s last support she had in her last moments was having two nurses hold her hands as she passed away. Fiona Bruce [00:21:36] I know you weren’t able to see her, Chris, but she was constantly in contact with you, talking about the kind of care she was receiving. Chris Auron [00:21:46] Yes, mum messaged for all of the 9 days she was in hospital, she messaged us last, actually, about four and a half hours before she passed away, that she said the nurses were amazing there but they were completely overwhelmed. This was during the first lockdown, during the first wave. Now, from what I hear, you know, we’ve got 30,000 people in intensive care units fighting for their lives. It is almost 3 times worse now than it was in the first. I wouldn’t want anybody to go through what I’m going through as a family and as 76,000 other families out there are going through the same.[DONE]Nadhim Zahawi [00:07:08] Can I just say briefly, we’ve done 1.3 million vaccinations, a quarter of the over 80s I mentioned. Between 4 and 11 January you are going to see another step-up because the NHS plan and the rollout that has been delivered in a methodical way -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:07:30] What kind of numbers? 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:07:32] Our target is to get to the 13.89 million. I can’t give you the numbers. 
Fiona Bruce [00:07:38] You must know what you’re aiming for. 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:07:40] Of course. But the data release is tomorrow and then from next week every single day the prime minister wants to, every day, say the data of everybody we vaccinated. 
Mark Walport [00:07:54] Clearly we’re in a race between getting people vaccinated and the new more transmissible variant. The numbers speak for themselves. The reality is that the supply of vaccine is limited at the moment so we need the maximum amount of protection from the doses of the vaccine that we’ve got. So the reality is that the first dose of the Pfizer/BioNTech is about 70 percent protection, it is reckoned, and Pfizer -- sorry, the AstraZeneca one is 70 percent and Pfizer/BioNTech is about 90 percent. If you can give it to 2,000 people and get that protection, then it makes sense to prolong it for 12 weeks. So long as people get the second dose, then it isn’t critical whether you get it quickly or a bit later in terms of getting the secondary immune response. So this has been looked at very carefully. There’s no doubt it isn’t perfect, but the situation here is the perfect may be the enemy of the good and what we need to do is get the maximum protection for the maximum number of people. Under those circumstances, I think most people who are immunologists, who are vaccine experts, and the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation have looked at the data, so not perfect but probably the right thing to do under the circumstances where the vaccine is limited.[DONE]Fiona Bruce [00:26:46] Bethany, you are, working in intensive care at the moment. What’s your interns. 
[Bethany]: I think a lot of what Rachel said resonates. It is awful. I work with an fantastic team but everyone is exhausted. People on the wards are being found dead because there’s not enough people to look after them. There’s -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:27:06] People are being found dead in intensive care? 
[Bethany]: No. So we have CPAP patients on the ward. 
Fiona Bruce [00:27:16] So people with breathing apparatus.
[Bethany]: Yes. There’s not enough people to monitor them so the critical care outreach team who work with us will go down to see a patient who is found dead. I hate that the economy is being pitched against human lives. The economy would be much more functioning if we didn’t have this going on, if we had gone into lockdown earlier. [DONE]Fiona Bruce [00:27:42] Annaliese, they only called for full lockdown a few days ago. 
Anneliese Dodds [00:27:50] This relates to what Mark said. This claim that somehow you can trade off the economy against public health, I’m afraid we’ve seen in spades in this country that simply doesn’t work. When people don’t have confidence that they are going to be safe, then they’re not actually going out and consuming. They’re not going out working. And having this extremely heavy death toll and this very severe impact that we’re seeing now has an enormous human cost but it has a human cost as well. The mental health impact is huge on the workforce. That won’t finish with the lockdown ends, that will continue for a very long time. In terms of the latest lockdown, yes, we did call for a full lockdown before the government announced it, but before Christmas, I have to say, we were very concerned about the situation then. I think we’re probably seeing, sadly, because of the lag in this disease then coming through into hospitals, we’re seeing some of the impact of what happened around that time and we said repeatedly to government then: Please, review the evidence around this situation. It is my understanding that the health secretary was talking about the new strain in part on 14 December, actually. The Prime Minister was informed about it on 18 December. We didn’t have a change in policy for a very, very long time. We can’t have this what feels like a constant lag between evidence coming through and then action.Fiona Bruce [00:32:12] George? [George]: There’s loads of people out there at the moment who are furloughed and being paid to stay at home, yet they are going out taking second jobs, things like that, which is obviously spreading the virus around as well. I think people who actually flout the law, I think really should be basically made to pay back their furlough payments and fined. Because its -- you go to the supermarket, things like that, there’s people refusing to wear masks and other people just literally disrespecting what everybody is trying to do. You know, disrespecting the NHS, disrespecting what the whole country is trying to do. It is really, really frustrating. I think, anyway. [DONE]Fiona Bruce [00:33:06] Humphrey.Fiona Bruce [00:12:30] Colette? 

[Colette]: My question is that, obviously, we’ve a lot of logistical issues. I’m very grateful to everybody who works in vaccines, my husband does. I think you do an amazing job. My question is we got quite a few issues and we can see what other bottlenecks are we going to hit. We have the problem of supply. What about vaccinating people and the concerns that GPs have and people signing up to become part of the vaccination programme and having to go through a lot of red tape to provide themselves to do the service? 

Fiona Bruce [00:13:08] Anneleise, a lot of concerns coming from our audience. It is worth pointing out, isn’t it, in terms of comparisons to the EU, the UK is doing well in terms of getting the vaccine out. 

[Speaker] We are. But this is a race against time, as Mark just sated. Ultimately it was in the UK that we saw the first licensing of this Pfeiffer vaccine. We had the Oxford vaccine developed in our country. We must be ambitious. That means saying that 2 million a week target has to be a starting point. We need to be moving forward much more quickly. We need to be open about where there are problems. I think Susan was actually saying there what many of us have heard that there have been logistical issues and government must be open about where they are. There’s a huge amount of goodwill. People want to help in this national effort to get as many people as possible vaccinated. But that means being open about where there are problems, where there are blockages, just like Colette said, where there are logistical issues with getting people signed up. I’ve had retired healthcare workers in my constituency saying they want to help but because of the administrative blockages they can’t get through. We had so many problems with test and trace. We can’t have a repeat of those issues now when we’re rolling out the vaccine.Fiona Bruce [00:17:46] They can reply because the applications are 
closed for them to do so. Substantially we are making sure -- there are 
two ways to get to what Humphrey challenged us on. To get -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:17:58] That’s why I’m asking about community pharmacies. 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:18:02]
 First you optimise your most effective route into those most vulnerable
 groups so the throughput, you get how many can they do a day, you 
optimise that, and you add more sites which is why we’re bringing on the
 community pharmacies and the independent sector to be involved because 
that way you add on. One last point. When you go through cohorts 1 to 4,
 our absolute target is to do that by mid February. When you get to the 
cohorts 5 to 9, you can go even further in terms of sites where you can 
begin to talk to other industries and the independent sector to actually
 get more people --[DONE] 
Mark Walport [00:18:46]
 The critical question is what is the rate-limiting step and have we got
 the vaccine in the vials? That’s the critical question. Because the 
very fact that we’ve had to delay the second injection suggests that the
 rate-limiting step is vaccines in vials. That’s where there will be 
huge competition. It turns on Rachel’s point. The disappointment is 
there wasn’t the manufacture at risk and testing of sufficient quantity 
so it was there ready to be rolled out.Nadhim Zahawi [00:10:54] Which is why it is so important to make sure that the frontline -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:11:00] You’re the man in charge. How quickly can Rachel get her vaccine? 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:11:06] You will see this week more social care staff are getting vaccinated. So we get through Category 1 and 2, then move to 3 and 4. By mid-February I guarantee you everybody will have been offered a vaccine and who should, I hope, take up the offer and be vaccinated. 
Rachel Clarke [00:11:26] There are 30,000 patients with COVID in our hospitals right now. So mid February is a long time to wait. 
Fiona Bruce [00:11:34] Andrea. 
[Andrea]: I would like to ask what the opinion is. The BMJ stated that there were concerns from GPs back as far as middle of December with them having been told to expect the vaccine, make plans, arrange patient appointments, then the vaccines didn’t turn up. 
Fiona Bruce [00:11:54] PS, you’re a surgeon. 
Audience Member [00:12:02] Rachel is right. As frontline workers are exposed to this. She mentioned that 650 people, healthcare workers have died as a result of COVID but a lot of those healthcare workers are from the BME community and there has been no mention of the increased risk of COVID in the BME community with this vaccine roll-out. We’re not featured at all on the prioritisation schedules, and I really want to know why that is.Fiona Bruce [00:16:02] The community pharmacy, there are 11,000 of them, have been saying today they typically do the flu jab vaccine, they know how to do it, they want to help with the coronavirus vaccine but they haven’t been able to. We spoke to a trade body before they came on air. They said the applications to do so have been closed since 6 December. They cannot help. Why won’t you let them help? Are you going to let the community pharmacies do the jobs? There’s 11,000 of them. 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:16:34] I hear you. If I can take you through the plan. It is important for everybody here, whether Annaliese in the Labour Party or the audience. So the plan is you’ve got hospital hubs, they have been operationalised, then the primary care networks. So 5 or 6 GPs in an area of 50,000 people come together, deciding who will lead, the others will support, then delivering really for work because they can reach the over 80s and they are going into the care homes because they are the most vulnerable people to this virus, the over 80s. Then the NHS frontline and social care, then we get to groups 3 and 4. Bear with me for a second. Beyond the primary care network, so 595 already vaccinating. By the end of the week that’s risen by 200. It will keep rising. Ultimately we get to about 1,500 sites because we are adding on national vaccination centres that will come online in details, and the community pharmacies which you talk about. 115 will come on line on the 11th of this month.

Fiona Bruce [00:34:22] What would you do, Humphrey? Humphrey Cobbold [00:34:26] I would close all the other areas of retail that are not truly essential. I don’t say it with any joy but it is hard to regard off licences, garden centres and other forms of retail of that nature as essential. I would reinforce the calls to stay at home. I still think there’s a little bit of lackness in attitude around that. I think I would reinforce it, if necessary. That’s what we had to do last time. Maybe we need a bit more of that medicine now. Fiona Bruce [00:35:02] Nadhim? [Speaker]: Chris, I absolutely -- heart wrenching story. My cousin is a consultant anaesthetist in the NHS, got COVID, then his wife got it, when it progressively got worse it was a terrible moment. He has now recovered, but absolutely your challenge to us is the right one. I would just add, and I know people have sort of touched on it, but when the PM got the data on 18 December, we went into tier 4, or the 19th, within a day we went into tier 4. As this new variant has taken hold we’ve had to go into this much more severe national lockdown. So the idea that somehow, you know, we hadn’t been responding to how the virus was behaving --Fiona Bruce [00:30:52] Sue, you had your hand up.
 [Sue]: Sorry, I was going to ask the same question Jim asked earlier. 
 Fiona Bruce [00:31:02] Let’s hear from Dave. 
[Dave]: For me we just keep constantly looking backwards and not forwards. We keep blaming government, the opposition blame government, we blame the public. We blame all sorts of people and we are constantly looking backwards. We’re constantly saying look, this should have happened, that should have happened, we should have put this into place. We need to be looking forward, not backward. All the evaluation, all the criticism can be in the future. But now we need to be looking forward. We need to establish a way and a means to go forward with this and then we can, you know, have all the reflection and all the evaluation afterwards. Too many people, in my opinion, constantly are looking backwards and I think we really do need to go forwards.[DONE]Humphrey Cobbold [00:33:06] I run a commercial business, obviously, that relies on being opened and not locked down. So I’ve tried to keep our business as safe as possible for so long as possible. But I think Mark hit the nail on the head when he said that, you know, this new variant really changed the game. I think we need to move -- needed to move quicker to lockdown than we did move. Even now I would challenge us to say shouldn’t we be locked down even further. There are substantial parts of retail and other areas that still open that it is hard to regard as essential. I have nothing against those parts of retail, but the number one priority I heard reiterated by Rachel and other medics, I have a son, a 5th year medical student, we have talked about it at some length, if the number one priority when we get the vaccine programme up to that 3 million a week if we can, it is to limit transmission, then the lesson from around the world, I think, is we need to be prepared to lockdown really, really hard and pull together more in lockdown to limit those transmissions.Fiona Bruce [00:29:26] Mark, you’re nodding away to that. Are you frustrated? Mark Walport [00:29:32] Yes. Inevitably. I think this new variant has made things much, much more difficult. I think the challenge has been, really, the policy compromises between managing the economy, work, education, and managing the coronavirus has meant actually damage to neither has been minimised as much as it could have been. Fiona Bruce [00:29:50] Jim. [Jim]: It seems to me that one of the key reasons why lockdown occurs is to protect the NHS. Nightingale hospitals were built in the first lockdown with the help of the army, and they are huge facilities. Yet we don’t seem to be able to use those. I know it is because of a lack of resource, doctors and nurses to support those, to work in them. I’m wondering why more hasn’t been done to get those resources into play now. Fiona Bruce [00:30:30] James?[DONE] [James]: I think, look, you know, no one wants to put the economy before human life. We seem to have privatised schools but at the minute we’re getting none of it right. The economy is in tatters, 1,104 people died today and schools are shut. We’re not getting any of the balancing act right at all.Fiona Bruce [00:41:52] Alex?[DONE] [Alex]: I was going to mention Eat Out to Help Out. We should have spent the money making sure kids and the vulnerable in society had more. Every kid in the UK should have that, instead we spent on Eat Out to Help Out. Fiona Bruce [00:42:12] Susan. Susan Desouza? Susan Desouza [00:42:20] Can I just come in on that point about Eat Out to Help Out. Yes, schools are extremely important. It is incredibly important that children are able to learn. But we also have a hospitality industry and we have a live entertainment industry and those are things we should be very, very proud of in this country. We are just going to lose them. I took full advantage of Eat Out to Help Out. I think I ate at 22 restaurants in August alone. Fiona Bruce [00:42:48] Whoa! Hang on a minute. You single-handedly propped the whole thing up. Susan Desouza [00:42:54] Well, the first week I only went three times a week but by the second week I recognised I should go for lunch and dinner.Fiona Bruce [00:37:08] Chris, you started us off on this subject talking about your experience with your mother, and all our condolences to you for that, of course. What do you think about what you heard? Chris Auron [00:37:20] It hasn’t answered the initial question in the sense of we still didn’t lock down even though the statistics were there before Christmas. I mean we can all seem to agree that we probably should have locked down earlier or maybe we need a more severe lockdown. Have we seen the numbers from people gathering at Christmas and potentially spreading this virus? Have we seen how many people that is going to affect? Are we ready for it? And do we have the manpower to get that vaccine out there and the manpower in our hospitals to treat those people? As those numbers now are going to -- they are going to climb. They are going to get worse. More people are going to die from this virus.[DONE] Fiona Bruce [00:38:02] I think we all know the numbers are going to climb, certainly for a while yet before, hopefully, they start to come down.
Rachel Clarke [00:22:42] Chris, my heart goes out to you because I was having the kinds of conversations you were having with nurses and doctors when your mum’s life was in the balance in April, and I wouldn’t wish what she and what you as a family have gone through to anybody. There seems to be an increasing, very vocal minority in Britain at the moment who seems to think that somehow if a human being in British society is above a certain age or has medical comorbidities, which might be something as minor as eczema or asthma, then somehow their life is expendable, it doesn’t many anything, it is not worth fighting to save. I, as a doctor, think that is a reprehensible position because it divides British society into two tiers, the tier of people we say are worth saving and the tier we can just do without and expend. So I’m really, really sorry that you are one of the tens of thousands of people who have been through that. 

Amanda King [00:38:52] Do you think the government was right to wait until the first day of school to announce school closures? 
[Speaker] I have to say we found the last few days around this issue of schools opening very frustrated. We were continually saying to government what is the evidence around this. I have to say as the Labour Party we really didn’t want to see schools closing. We still want schools to be the last places to close and the first to reopen. [DONE]
Fiona Bruce [00:39:24] You were calling for them to stay open on Monday morning then on Monday afternoon changed your mind. 
Anneliese Dodds [00:39:30] That wasn’t what happened. 
Fiona Bruce [00:39:34] The shadow education said they wanted the schools to stay open, then in the afternoon they wanted them closed. 
Anneliese Dodds [00:39:44] If at all possible. We still want them to stay open. With respect, I think we’ve entered a situation now where they have been closed because government says it is acting on that evidence, that it is necessary now, but we haven’t seen put into place the e-learning that’s necessary for those children so that they really can be receiving the kind of educational input they need. We’ve had so many months when this has been potentially on the cards. We had the first lockdown where there wasn’t that provision. It’s still not there. You know, now we’re saying to government, I suppose related to what Dave was saying before about looking forwards, we need to have a plan for when they’re going to be able to reopen. What will be the conditions so that we can get schools reopened? How are we going to deal with all these issues about digital devices and occasional disadvantage because this period has been really tough for so many families and we need a much stronger response from government than what we’ve seen so far.Fiona Bruce [00:50:22] Humphrey. [DONE]
Humphrey Cobbold [00:50:24] My heart goes out to James and the many other hundreds of thousands of operators of smaller businesses in the UK. It is tough as a large business operator as well, but people pushing forward on their own like that, I think it is a tremendous contribution. I would echo James’ views. It is always difficult when somebody gives you something, and the chancellor gave something out this week, to not be grateful for it. We are grateful for it, every little helps. But it really is not in line with the promise he made to do whatever it takes to support businesses. Tremendously tough for businesses like ours who have had to close down and take pain, like James’, on behalf of society as a whole. What I’m arguing for, and I’m sure James would as well, for a proportionate support. I run a large chain of budget gyms in that arena we had to close, by end of February, it will be 30 weeks out of the prior 50. James will have been in a similar position. Badly-impacted businesses require more targeted support. I think Annaliese has been vocal about this as well. It is a really important area. We want to work with government on behalf of our own business but many other actions like James’ out there. I know it is not easy for the chancellor or the government. Credit to them, they put a lot of effort into this. I think there’s much more we can do. Otherwise, otherwise, what we will face is an economic long number of businesses that are struggling to stay afloat for a long period of time. We won’t be able to reflate the economy and build the economy back. It is going to be so important to provide the services we want and the jobs in the future that we all want in the future from this.Fiona Bruce [00:40:46] Josh, you have your hand up. [DONE]
[Josh]: So today in Parliament Gavin Williams said he would trust teachers to decide students’ grades, yet he won’t trust teachers to decide when they shouldn’t be in school. When people go for jobs there’s people on this Panel we’ve spoken to already that are vastly experienced, that’s the reason they are in that job. Gavin Williams is the most -- it is unbelievable how his experience lacks so vastly in this job. Someone as an education minister, I have to say I think he’s the worst that Britain has ever seen and I think it is time he left that post, effective immediately.[DONE] 
Fiona Bruce [00:41:28] James, you are nodding your head vigorously to that. 
[James]: I think it is woeful, the constant U turns. You know, this new variant was a surprise. The second wave wasn’t. To get kids in school one day, put teachers at risk, families at risk, then to pull them out the next. It is embarrassing, really. You’re right, Gavin Williams is pathetic. It is embarrassing.Fiona Bruce [00:57:08] You weren’t criticising those grants to the supermarkets at the time. Anneliese Dodds [00:57:16] We have said that we think support should be better targeted. We did point to the fact that, for example in Labour-run-Wales, they didn’t have that grant support going to the very, very large companies. If you look at the self-employed income grant, you got with the initial phases of that exactly the same amount if your profit had gone down by £1 as if it had been wiped out completely. Now the point is, again going back to what Dave said before, it is not dwelling on the past it is looking to the future. What do we need to do now? We need to have a longer term timescale. We saw yet again, the prime minister earlier this week, new restrictions, no word about economic importance, then the chancellor running to catch up. We need a longer term plan for businesses, especially those who have a lot of debt now. The kind of pubs like James’ and others where they racked up that debt. How can we help them in the future to keep their staff on, hopefully getting additional staff in place as well?[DONE]Nadhim Zahawi [00:46:08] Both the vulnerable children and the children of frontline can go to school as we did in the first lockdown, you’ll recall. But, look, everybody here will, I think, understand this is a difficult situation. Every country -- someone talked about Israel earlier. Israel this week is debating another lockdown and the closure of schools. This is happening all around the world. We’re having to cope with this virus. We have this new variant which, clearly, is spiking, not just in London and the southeast but actually in the Midlands, we’re seeing it in the rest of the country, which is why the lockdown has come in. My job is to make sure that the NHS plan for vaccinations is delivered so that by the middle of February, those first four categories, the most vulnerable four categories, by the way, if you get through the 9 categories, we have essentially dealt with 99 percent of deaths. 

Fiona Bruce [00:47:08] When do you think you will have done that by? [DONE] 

Nadhim Zahawi [00:47:12] You can pretty much do the maths. If by mid February I’ve done the first four categories in terms of roughly 14 million people being offered the vaccine, the total 9 categories is about 26 million people. But we’ll






Fiona Bruce [00:43:04] The question is about school closures. In our panel, Nicola, you are a teacher. What’s your view of Amanda’s question. Was the government right to wait until the first day of term to announce the closures? 
[Nicola]: I think there’s no doubt they weren’t correct. We could see in schools that numbers were rising and that teachers and students were struggling to be in school and struggling to staff school and struggling to feel safe and provide the education that we need to. I would like to agree with what’s been said about Gavin Williams. I think today, again, you know, we saw very vague announcements about exam grades and that just leads to more stress for our young people. They have had such a lot to put up with. They just had more uncertainty today.[DONE] 
Fiona Bruce [00:43:58] Nadhim, I assume you want to defend your colleague because clearly there has been a lot of criticism of Gavin Williams. What was that about, really, saying on Sunday schools are absolutely safe. The kids go on Monday and by the end of Monday saying, hang on, we’re going to completely change our mind, no, they’re not safe after all.Fiona Bruce [00:55:08] Andrea. [Andrea]: So I’m also self-employed and I’ve also fallen through the gaps completely. I have a work room in my own house so I don’t qualify for a business grant. I don’t have stock so I don’t qualify for any other subsidies. I tried to look at the self-employed version of the furlough scheme, not applicable to me. So there’s absolutely nothing. There’s huge amounts of talk within the Conservative government about supporting small actions, about trying to get small industry, crafts people going and get creative in there, but why is it so difficult for anybody to get anything unless you’ve either got three accountants working for you or practically destitute? [DONE]Fiona Bruce [00:56:08] Annaliese? Anneliese Dodds [00:56:12] I think we just heard from so many people how hard it is for businesses in the moment in the UK. Unfortunately, we are in a situation where the country has had the worst recession of all major economies. We had the double tragedy, terrible health outcomes and a very, very poor economic situation as well. I would just say that the chancellor talks about how he put 280 billion pounds into his plan for jobs. That is a very significant investment but so much of that money has not been targeted effectively. We’ve seen the supermarkets, they’ve been giving money back that they received through the grant scheme. Where has that gone? We said as Labour we think that should be focused on some of those people like Andrea who have been missed out of those schemes. Some of the excluded groups.Fiona Bruce [00:59:24] It is up to £9,000. James are you getting the 9 thousand? Nadhim Zahawi [00:59:32] As well as the three months for being closed. Fiona Bruce [00:59:34] Should we hear from James. Are you getting that 9,000? [James]: No. And I’m a bit fed up with always hearing the top line figure. I get £4,000. With respect, Nadhim, why not ask you to list what you have already done. I asked you to tell me why you are not doing enough. I know what’s been done, I’m aware of that, but what’s happening now is not enough. It is taking too long. The promises of doing everything you can are done. Why should I borrow money to keep my business going? I might as well not bother. Nadhim Zahawi [01:00:12] The 4.8 billion was announced after the prime minister announced the lockdown. So this is new support for the -- targeted very much at the hospitality sector. There is also, of course, the -- when I was dealing with this -- Fiona Bruce [01:00:30] You have 10 seconds left. Nadhim Zahawi [01:00:34] The kick starter was to get young people into training for 6 months to end up in a job. They are the most important. That’s where you need to target, the people most vulnerable to losing their job.Fiona Bruce [00:58:20] Nadhim. Nadhim Zahawi [00:58:24] James, to your question, the chancellor, and I think Annaliese talked about the 280 billion, what does that mean to a business like yours. First of all, the local authorities, and I agree with Colette, they should be making those grants land into businesses, and thank you for nodding there. That needs to happen. As business minister, before I was given this role as the vaccine deployment minister, actually got on the phone and called something like 89 chief executives when we did the initial grants to say how many have you got out, have they been delivered, because that needs to happen. My message, as would be Rishi Sunak’s message, that needs to happen, he made money available to target the most needy small businesses as well as for restaurants and your business, James, I think you said you have a restaurant, a small restaurant. £9,000 grant -- not loan, grant -- now for this period as well as --Fiona Bruce [00:52:14] Colette, you are nodding vigorously to that. [DONE][Colette]: There’s so much here. I completely align with Humphrey. I think this comes back to something Mark was saying as well. I’m in the hair and beauty sector. There’s a couple of things. We get the chancellor who goes on TV, with the offer of help, which is amazing, but the problem is we’re not seeing that come through. So in our sector we’ve been excluded from VAT cuts but yet we’ve been locked down as long as other sectors. Secondly, we have been promised grants from councils. A loft of these counsels are holding on to the money and it is not coming down to small businesses. I want to come back to something that Mark said. If you don’t look after your businesses and your employers, who are going to provide jobs? So this is the problem.We're kind of having such unfair treatment across all sectors. Not just that, devolved governments are getting more money than some businesses in England. It is disproportionate and unfair. I’m an accountant, by the way, as well as a hairdresser. The problem with that I see a really long COVID problem for employment when we are part of solution, not the problem. is I see a really, really, really, like Humphrey says, a long COVID problem for employment when we are part of solution, not the problem. We want to help but we can’t unless people give us a life lines we so need.Mark Walport [00:47:28] It is worth saying on the news this evening that the average age of people in intensive care is 60. 
Rachel Clarke [00:47:36] That’s what we’re seeing as well.
Mark Walport [00:47:38] So you are a long way off. 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:47:42] Which is why I said the nine categories. 
Fiona Bruce [00:47:44] You said we could do the maths. Just do it for us. When do you think you will get to the end of the 9 categories? 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:47:50] My target is mid February for the first cohort. I’m happy to come back. We are going to be publishing daily numbers so the nation can see where we’re at as we increase. We will do it as soon as possible but I’m hoping the 9 categories by spring will be done. 
Rachel Clarke [00:48:06] Please may I ask a simple question, I would love a simple answer. This is a question on behalf of all those teachers in and out of schools now, but all teachers who will be going back into schools when this lockdown is lifted. Can you, please, on behalf of the teaching profession, tonight guarantee that when this lockdown is lifted and when teachers go back into schools they will all have received a vaccination. 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:48:38] The Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation, this came up earlier, on BAME cohorts looking at all different cohorts, key workers, BAME people, they decided very clearly those that are most vulnerable are the nine categories they set us because age is the predictor, back to Mark’s point and SAGE, of COVID. When we do phase 1, teachers are right up there in terms of first in line. Some of them will be vulnerable and will be in phase 1 of the nine cohorts, but to be able to protect the most vulnerable and the frontline NHS workers and social care, we have to follow the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation.Nadhim Zahawi [00:44:18] It was a last resort. The last thing we want to do is close schools. Fiona Bruce [00:44:22] One you couldn’t see coming for 24 hours. Nadhim Zahawi [00:44:26]
 No, for all the reasons everybody would share which is these are our 
future. The future generations and their education is incredibly 
important, hence why Gavin Williams has put -- I think about 750,000 
laptops have gone out to the most vulnerable children that need 
them. The department has got two deals with two providers, I think 
Virgin and EE, to provide the ability for those children to be able to 
log on and get that online tuition. Fiona Bruce [00:44:58] Can I clarify something in your -- hang on just a second. [DONE]
Nadhim Zahawi [00:45:04]
 I want to compliment the BBC coming forward with 3 hours of education 
for both secondary and primary school is a fantastic thing. Thank you 
Tim Davie for doing that. Fiona Bruce [00:45:18]
 Can I just -- just one second. In your guidelines, the depth of 
education guidelines say children WHO may have difficulty in engaging 
with remote education at home are classed as vulnerable. So they can go 
-- just as a point of information. Children in that position, can they 
go to school?[DONE] 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:45:38] Yes, and those of, obviously, the frontline who are protecting everyone from this evil virus. 
Fiona Bruce [00:45:46] Children who don’t have access to a laptop they can go to school at the moment. 
Nadhim Zahawi [00:45:52] Those who are vulnerable and -- Fiona Bruce [00:45:52]
 Because they don’t have access to a laptop or device they can use. They
 can go to school? [Speake we’re trying to make sure those children get 
the laptop. Fiona Bruce [00:46:02] I’m not sure how well known that was. But they can go to school as of tomorrow.Fiona Bruce [00:09:08] Rachel, you’re on the frontline in terms of dealing with patients. Of course we all desperately want this desperately we going as quick as we can? Rachel Clarke [00:09:24] It’s a very pertinent question. Not only a month after we started rolling out the Pfizer vaccine are three-quarters of the over 80s unvaccinated, and I appreciate there are logistical issues, but it is also the case of tens of thousands of NHS frontline and care staff are also, still, a month after vaccine roll-out began, unvaccinated. I’m sitting here tonight as someone who is completely unvaccinated. I am on COVID wards every day, working with COVID patients, I’m very frightened that I may bring the virus home. Who knows, I may kill my husband. There are paramedics, nurses, healthcare assistants, doctors, NHS and care workers in their thousands who every day are going into an environment in which the air is thick with COVID and we are completely unvaccinated. From our point of view it feels like, in the first wave in March and April, we were sent in with woefully inadequate PPE, again it may be an excuse, it may be a reality, but the government’s position on that was logistics, it’s not our fault, it’s a supply issue. Here we are again, second time round, completely exposed to a virus that has already killed over 650 frontline NHS and care staff. So this couldn’t be more pertinent.[DONE]Fiona Bruce [00:36:00] There’s a rise of the eyebrows from Mark.[DONE] Mark Walport [00:36:04] We just have to look at the numbers rocketing up at the moment. I think what Humphrey says makes a lot of sense. We know there is one thing that will stop this virus. It can only carry on between proximity between people. If we keep people apart, it will come under control. Fiona Bruce [00:36:22] A tighter lockdown? Nadhim Zahawi [00:36:26] We can’t rule anything out. The best thing I can do for the whole country is make sure we deliver the vaccines as quickly as possible into people’s arms, the most vulnerable people, people in care homes, the over 80s, over 75s, over 70, as quickly as we can. Fiona Bruce [00:36:46] What about the Nightingale hospitals? [DONE]Nadhim Zahawi [00:36:52] That’s going to be one of the national vaccination centres. So they’re prepared for the additional need, that the NHS currently is under huge pressure, as Rachel says, but also for national vaccination.
Fiona Bruce [00:49:24] I’m going to take another question. I want to squeeze it in if I can, from James Allcock.[James]: Furlough is vital but only if there remains a company to be furloughed from. Rishi Sunak said he would do whatever it would take to support SMEs. When did the government change attack on this, and why? Fiona Bruce [00:49:44] James, you run a pub?[James]: A small restaurant. Yes. I mean all the packages from the chancellor are fine but I have been there press conference after press conference wondering is Rishi Sunak going to appear, what is he going to offer. While the packages are better than nothing, they’re not enough. Let me tell you, I had to get Universal Credit at the start of this pandemic. Apparently I have to give the money back now because I earn too much. Well, I don’t earn too much. Rishi Sunak needs to either sharpen his pencil and get with the programme or get back home and get by on 80 percent of his income for himself and sit on furlough. Because it’s no picnic.[00:53:36] Amanda?
 Amanda King [00:53:42] I’m actually one of the few individuals who’s a sole trader who actually runs what is classed as an essential business on the high street. But there’s been these grants, and that’s great, but it is clear it is for those businesses that have to close. Yet we are on the high street, there’s just us, the butchers and a doctor. There’s nobody going past our shop for us to sell goods to. 
 Fiona Bruce [00:54:22] You run a pet shop, don’t you, Amanda? [DONE]
Amanda King [00:54:28] I have got a pet shop, yes. We’re not selling any animals. It’s not appropriate. But it’s pet food. Consequently people are staying at home, which is good but, really, the only people passing us are going to the butcher or they’re sick, going to the doctor and they want to go home. There is no support for us. The saddest thing about it is to keep open we’re having to reduce our hours to make sure I can keep my staff going who were all self-employed. We fall, yet again, through the gaps and we don’t get anything.[DONE]Unknown Speaker[00:01:50] Are those food shortages in supermarkets since 1st of January, teething problems with Brexit or are there are much deeper issues with the Irish sea boarder customs protocol?

Fiona Bruce[00:02:12] Do you want to kick us off?

Arlene Foster[00:02:18] The protocol was brought in by Boris Johnson to try to get Brexit done. By doing so, it separated Northern Ireland away from the rest of the United Kingdom, something we warned about. Since the protocol came in, there have been difficulties with like steel, which we have worked to get sorted out, with pets’ travel, parcels, a whole range of items. We warned the prime minister about this which is why we voted against the withdrawal agreement. We said it was going to cause great difficulties. It arose because of a skewed understanding of the Belfast Agreement. What is really important to Northern Ireland is the trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, both ways. So it is important that we deal with all of the issues in the protocol. The prime minister said recently he will use Article 16 if necessary, and that means he will take unilateral action to protect the citizens and EXHURMS which citizens of Northern Ireland and we would urge him to work Ireland and we would urge him to work with us to make sure there isn’t damage to the people and businesses of Northern Ireland.Fiona Bruce [00:15:14] That was going Niall to Great Britain. Louise Haigh [00:15:18] That denialism, that dishonesty has denied actions and communities the times they needed to prepare all of last year and the opportunity to make this work. If this government truly wants to be a government of the whole United Kingdom they need to be honest about the challenges facing Northern Ireland and take forward some of the practical solutions we have suggested to make this work and deliver long-term solutions to the problems that we’re seeing. Fiona Bruce [00:15:46] Philip. [Philip]: To the Secretary of State. You keep insisting even tonight, and I’m unclear if you’re backtracking that you don’t count it as a border down the Irish Sea. If it’s not a border then, what in fact is it? Brandon Lewis [00:16:04] I’ve never seen it as a border down the Irish Sea. I think what the petrol --Fiona Bruce [00:05:14] In terms of teething problems, you have conclusion like John Lewis who are not shipping from GB to Northern Ireland. Is that something that will be ironed out or have to live with. 
Anand Menon [00:05:26] I can’t speak to specific cases. Of course there will be some traders for whom it is not would get it to trade with Northern Ireland. One of the things to watch over the next 12 months is for pharmaceuticals we have a graze period of 1 year -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:05:42] When you say grace peered you mean checks that do not apply now. 
Anand Menon [00:05:48] Of course you are dealing with sending pharmaceuticals into the EU single market. Now it might be some pharmaceutical firms decide, actually, the size of the market means it is not worth complaining with the EU regulations. That’s what Brexit was all about.Fiona Bruce [00:10:54] You say a few weeks. We are three weeks in it. But in terms of the protocol and the differences it has made, the prime minister said in December there’s no question of there being checks on goods going Northern Ireland to Great Britain or Great Britain to Northern Ireland. Because if you look at what the deal is, we’re part of the same customs territory. No question of there being checks, yet, if you want to ship something like mince, for example, from Great Britain to Northern Ireland, you have to fill in an Entry Summary Declaration, a Simplified Frontier Declaration, a DVA mass goods reference, an export health certificate -- I could go on. There’s several other certificates here. If they are not checked, what are they? 

Brandon Lewis [00:11:32] I would have to see the wider quote.Fiona Bruce [00:10:00] So that is as a result of Brexit. Nothing to do with COVID. Let’s be clear, that’s nothing to do with COVID. Brandon Lewis [00:10:08] I never said the problems are just because of COVID. It is just not because of the protocol. They are dealing with the new systems in place because we have left the EU. There are companies getting used to -- I think you mentioned John Lewis. There is no reason John Lewis can’t send parcels to Northern Ireland but the guidance came out on 31 December.[DONE] Fiona Bruce [00:10:34] [Unreportable cross-talk.] Brandon Lewis [00:10:38] There are a range of things happening at the same time. The point I made in the first few days of January, the judgment of the protocol and how it is working will be best made when we are a few weeks if not a couple of months down the line, and through COVID.Fiona Bruce [00:21:16] Thomas. 

[Thomas]: I wanted to make a quick comment. My wife and I would shop between Lidl’s and Tesco. What we found since 31 December is Lidl have been much better stocked than Tesco. The first week Tesco had nothing and we had to depend on everything in Lidl. Lidl had been so much better stocked in terms of meat, fruit and veg. I don’t know what they are doing differently but it seems not to have affected them as much. 

Fiona Bruce [00:21:50] I know Lidl were saying they were preparing for two years. They will be thrilled with your endorsement, I’m sure. Clearly other supermarkets are available: Chris. 

[Chris]: I wonder to what extent are these little hiccups at the port are actually happening. From my point of view, an end-user’s point of view, I have no point when I go to the shops, they’re fully stocked. If I go to buy fuel it is fully stocked. I purchased by email three items recently, including these headphones, a new doormat and boot polish. 

Fiona Bruce [00:22:28] All essential items, ChrisPart 12Fiona Bruce [00:16:08] What is it then? Just to answer the question. Checks have to be done before you cross it. Brandon Lewis [00:16:14] There have been SPS checks in one form or another since the 19th century. We are not putting in new customs infrastructure. There isn’t that kind of a border there. What there is and what there is forrence Britain moving products into Northern Ireland -- Northern Ireland has unfettered access into the UK market. For Great Britain-based businesses, yes, there are deliver things they need to do. If they are moving products into Northern Ireland. We ensure they are not subject to tariffs that they would be subject to if they were moving into the Republic of Ireland. That’s what those pieces of work are about. It is ensuring that Northern Ireland businesses are not penalised with tariffs they shouldn’t be paying.
Fiona Bruce [00:17:02] Do you want to come in. 
Anand Menon [00:17:04] That struck has to be built because shipping things in from Great Britain to Northern Ireland there needs to be checks on the SPS products. The Northern Ireland Executive is going to have to find a way of putting those things into place. It is a slightly anomalous situation where you are having these kind of checks within a country. It is a slightly unusual situation at best. You can call it a border or not as you please, but those checks will be there, they will be real and affect the nature of trade between GB and Northern Irel.
Fiona Bruce[00:12:48]Do you want to answer the question about the dog.Brandon Lewis[00:12:52] It is a lovely little dog.Fiona Bruce[00:12:54] Don’t try to curry favour. Answer the question.Brandon Lewis[00:12:58] At the moment, yes, you do need to have -- at the moment the Northern Ireland chief is allowing flexibility, particularly for guide dogs, things like that. What we have categorised as is a Part 2 partly the EU. We want Part 1. So Part 2 needs we need vaccination certificates. We need to get that improved. We need to agree this with the EU to get that up to Part 1. There’s no reason not to be because we are a completely clear island in GB and Republic of Ireland, completely clear of ray rabies. It is one of the things we need to get fixed. Absolutely.Louise Haigh[00:13:44] COVID will have lessened the disruption we could have seen at the ports as the protocol kicked into place because we have seen less freight. The hospitality sector --Fiona Bruce [00:13:58] There has been a problem of freight moving out of the UK. 
Louise Haigh [00:14:04] There’s also a significant drop in the amount of freight. And because the hospitality sector is closed in Northern Ireland as well, clearly that means we’re not seeing as much traffic at the port. So he is absolutely right in saying that the real impact and disruption will be seen over the c go weeks. We have to make the changes these trading arrangements work because the protocol contains two important principles. Firstly, it was negotiated in order to avoid a border on the island of Ireland, but, secondly it contains the principle it should have a minimal impact on the every day lives of communities in Northern Ireland. That’s just as important to the Belfast as avoiding the border. We are seeing the consequences through rising prices, shortages on supermarket shelves and disruption. The roots of this are the denialism, which has been the hallmark of this government’s approach to Northern Ireland from the beginning of this Brexit debate. You just quoted from the prime minister who last year and the year before told Northern Ireland businesses they could rip up any paperwork they would be required to fill in, no trade controls from --Fiona Bruce [00:07:50] I want to hear from the audience. Liam. 
Kyle Haigh [00:07:58] Do the DUP regret voting against Teresa May’s option? 
Fiona Bruce [00:08:06] More questions from the audience. Darren. 
[Darren]: What are the rules for pets going between Northern Ireland and Scotland or England or Wales? Because it seems to have become quite difficult. 
Fiona Bruce [00:08:20] I presume you have your dog behind you in mind? 
[Darren]: Yes. 
Fiona Bruce [00:08:28] A personal issue for you. Let’s come to the main question first of all. Are the food product shortages teething problems or deeper issues with the Irish Sea border customs protocol? 
Brandon Lewis [00:08:46] I think there’s a range of things going on. I think Michelle knows what she says is not quite correct. The point I made, and I made it clearly in the House of Commons yesterday to the Select Committee in and in oral questions, at the beginning of January there are a number of things happening at the same time. Businesses made commercial decisions before the deal was done, actually before the protocol agreement was made, which was a bit earlier in December. Before the deal was done. That’s a legitimate thing for them to do. They made those decisions. One of the supermarkets, that’s why you’ve seen different branded products. It seems they made a commercial decision on that. There was an issue with COVID. There was no doubt, not just in Northern Ireland but the Webber ministers have referred to this in Wales, even people in London have had an issue with the fact some food supplies have been affected by the problem we saw at Dover just before Christmas. That has an effect on what we have seen in food shelves. Businesses in Great Britain particularly getting used to the new systems. Now the reason the protocol is there is what it allows for is products moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland, some of which move into the Republic of Ireland are due to have tariffs because they go into the EU from the UK.Fiona Bruce [00:03:28] You are critical about the protocol but you did describe the renegotiated protocol as a serious and sensible way forward. 
Arlene Foster [00:03:38] No. I don’t think I did. What I said was -- that was back in objecting when we were saying in 2019 that it was important that the Northern Ireland assembly had a say in those matters. Of course he decided not to those matters and it was just around SPS and animal checks at that time. What we have at the moment is a who will range of protocol actions causes damage to Northern Ireland and, of course, which is not what we were talking about in October 2019. 
Fiona Bruce [00:04:08] Anand, teething problems or deeper issues with the protocol? 
Anand Menon [00:04:14] It is a combination of things. Partly teething problems. Some of the problems we are having will be overcome. It is a question of traders learning how to use the forms, fill them in, but there are other factors that come into play. At the moment we have a series of grace peers for food imports into Northern Ireland Northern Ireland. That ends on 1 April. It will get harder again, more delay at the borders. At the moment we are dealing with a period of much reduced trade and travel because of COVID. So the real test of this agreement is going to come when we come out the other side of the pandemic, trade which travel come back to closer to their normal level, at which point it is only then we’ll be able to judge. But we shouldn’t expect things to be the same as before 31 December. What Brexit means is there are checks between Great Britain and Northern Ireland and that is going to mean cases it might mean shortages.Brandon Lewis [00:27:20] I think every -- 

Fiona Bruce [00:27:22] Do you accept anything of what Louise says? 

Brandon Lewis [00:27:26] It is a tragedy when you lose lives. I suspect everybody by now knows somebody who lost somebody to COVID. 

Fiona Bruce [00:27:38] What about the delays? 

Brandon Lewis [00:27:40] A couple of things I would say. First of all, the 7-day average, it is difficult to -- it is difficult to do a operative untilly at the most of them because you have analgesic and demographic differences around the world and there are different variants. 

Fiona Bruce [00:28:00] What you can’t dispute is it may be impossible to say at the moment on this particular day the United Kingdom has outperformed -- I’m trying to think of a better phrase to use -- the rest of the world in terms of the number of deaths, i.e. we haven't done the worst, but we are among the worst. No doubt about that, is there? This is what Louise is saying in terms of delayFiona Bruce [00:19:22] Sorry. Sorry. I just want to let Arlene in. You heard what Arlene said about hitching your wagon to the wrong horse. Also the question for the audience. Do you regret now not going for the Theresa May deal, ending up with a protocol you don’t like? Arlene Foster [00:19:42] The Theresa May deal and the backstop envisaged in that, in the words of the attorney-general, would have been with us together. At least with have an opportunity to debate that in four years’ time. The Theresa May deal left us in the EU customs union. At the moment we’re in the United Kingdom customs area. So, I mean, I think that is important to say that. The Theresa May deal, and I know people have talked about this, including George Osborne over this period of time, but the reality is Theresa May couldn’t even convince her own party to go with her deal never mine the Democratic Unionist Party. So it is important to say that it would have left us in the EU customs union as well. Let me take up the point about the Belfast Agreement. That is there for the protection of both communities in Northern Ireland not just one community. It is not just about north/south relations, it is also about east/west relations as well. I think, unfortunately, the United Kingdom under Theresa May fell into the trap that was led for them by the Republic of Ireland that the Belfast Agreement was about no borders on the island of Ireland, but we can have a border internally within the United Kingdom. It is offensive, it was not what was envisaged by the Belfast Agreement. That’s why we have to try to not only minimise it but get rid of it. It is offensive to the United Kingdom constitution and we need to deal with it in the proper way.Anand Menon [00:38:50] There are contradictory numbers out there. What I would say is the imperial College study is scary in that it doesn’t tell us whether or not the cases are going down from December. There is other evidence that suggests from December cases are going down. So there is a tiny bit of light. I think we should also say to date the vaccine programme has been remarkably successful. A combination, if lockdown is having that impact with vaccine being rolled out effectively, you can see a way in which lockdown could work. But we’re going to have to stick with it for a long time. I do think after this, now is not the time to do it, we are going to have to have a public inquiry. We have to think about how we organise ourselves as a society. We run our leaflets hotly every winter. One of the lessons of this pandemic is we might need to think more about resilience, less about efficiency, so we have capacity to spare should we end up in this situation again.Fiona Bruce[00:37:50] Elizabeth?
Elizabeth[00:37:52]: Hello. Good evening to you all. I’m concerned with the extension of the lockdown, the effect this is going to have on our young people, our children. Taking into account health and safety, educational social advancement of children and their mental health, which is undoubtedly suffering, is it in the best interests of our children to continue with closures?
Fiona Bruce[00:38:20] Anand do you want to come is the lockdown too damaging, the central question is is the lockdown enough.
Anand Menon[00:38:34] There are encouraging signs. Behind the horrible headlines about fatalities, there’s a sniff of good news that the rate of infections might now be coming down.
Fiona Bruce[00:38:44] We’ve had another survey that it may be going up.Fiona Bruce [00:35:02] There’s lots of hands up. Julie Anne. Audience Member [00:35:10] I am a frontline health worker. I work in the emergency department. I would like to ask about the vaccination schedule for healthcare workers. We receives the Pfiz vaccine, the first dose, but the second doses have been delayed for 10 weeks which is against the manufacture’s guidelines. following the evidence, is that it would be safer for us to have the vaccine as it was designed and have the second dose at three weeks. Can you ensure that we’re going to get a second dose? As frontline health workers, we feel we need to be protected as well. Fiona Bruce [00:35:46] I’ll come back to that. Just a few more questions first. Audience Member [00:35:54] This new lockdown, the politician who travelled to Westminster after travel restrictions, how can the public be expected to follow the rules if some MLAs think it is okay to travel over to with him the, sit on local trains, don’t bother to wear a mask or don’t adhere to what us, the public, are supposed to beChris[00:22:32]: They are. They are everyday items. Every single drop of fuel comes into Northern Ireland, unless I’m correct, they come from refineries in Great Britain. I haven’t seen any shortages at the protocol stages. No broken down cars for lack of fuel. Industry has not stopped. It is all working as far as I can see. So, yes, there are problems that need to get sorted out. How much of this is being hyped up in the same way that remarijuana said: Owe this will happen, that will happen. There will be massive queues. The only thing on these islands was the approach to the ports at the south of England when they were trying to get across to Europe and that was caused by Covid-19.
Fiona Bruce[00:23:18] Emma. 
[Emma]: I would like to make a comment on behalf of small businesses. I run a business park at Mallusk. We have about Hough businesses. I speak with them day and daily. A number of them ship out to Great Britain and receive stock in from Great Britain. All of those who do are experiencing massive delays in receiving stock through or the administrative burden is proving closal for their staff. So I thought I would like to give them a voice this evening and say that the problems are very much real for our businesses in Northern Ireland, for a small business community.Fiona Bruce [00:36:18] Helen? 
Audience Member [00:36:20] Given the extension of the lockdown, I wonder how much is being done to implement this lockdown. My perception is that the roads are as busy as ever they were. I see people in the shops. I see people congregating together who are not -- people congrea together quite apparent. In terms of the wear in terms of especially talking about it moving on to Easter, what is being done to ensure that people are following the rules. If they’re not following the rules, then it’s kind of what is the point in keeping on extending things for longer.[DONE] 
Fiona Bruce [00:37:02] Karl, let’s hear from you. 
Audience Member [00:37:08] I think we all underestimated how far-reaching COVID was going to be for our everyday lives. I suppose, thinking about it at the time, that the three-month initial lockdown was going to sort things out, I think that was a big mistake and when it comes to this time now that we’re in, I think the people are suffering from lockdown fatigue. When the administration or when the government is asking people to do things they think that it’s possibly one rule for certain people, another rule for other people.Fiona Bruce [00:29:54] James. 
[James]: Arlene, do you regret vetoing the two week extension just before Christmas that could have potentially saved more lives? 
Fiona Bruce [00:30:04] I was going to come to you Michelle. I’ll come to you first, Arlene. 
Arlene Foster [00:30:12] This has been an incredibly difficult time for everybody across Northern Ireland and I think we have been learning as we go in terms of how we deal with Covid-19. Of course, it has changed direction, changed course throughout all of this. As you know, in the Republic of Ireland they had a five-week very harsh lockdown before Christmas, then they found themselves in a worst position than we are at the moment. So, you know, you can look back with hindsight and say you should have done this or that but we’re dealing with a virus that changes direction, and what we took the decision on at that point in time was listening to the voices of the medical advice of course but also the voices of those people who had not been able to open up their coffee shops and hairdressers for four weeks. They were in dire straits. So we gave them an opportunity to open bear in mind the fact it made .05 difference to the R at that point in time. I believe we did take the right decision at that point in time.Fiona Bruce [00:25:44] Another question from Thomas Clark. 

[Thomas]: Deaths are still rising in our hospitals. In one day 1,800 recorded yesterday. Is this lockdown enough? 

Fiona Bruce [00:25:58] Louise. 

Louise Haigh [00:26:02] This week we learned that the UK has the highest death rate in the 7-day death rate in the world. That’s an absolute tragedy. That’s tens of thousands of families that have lost their loved ones. That’s not the fault of the dedicated nurses, carers and health care workers who have been risking their lives throughout this pandemic to protect ours. It is a result of the poor decision-making at the heart of this government. 10 months ago I came on this programme and I said if the government didn’t take action to increase statutory sick pay and make sure people could afford to self-isolate they would live to regret it and we would too. 10 monthslat advisers are still telling them self-isolation is not being it and they are still not taking action. It is over a year that testing measures were at the border. An effective public health response like test and trace are still not effective. So I’m afraid to say the measures that they’ve taken, the slowness going into lockdown and the speed they lifted some of these restrictions have caused voidable deaths. It was foreseeable and throughout this pandemic it has been completely foreseen.Fiona Bruce [00:44:02] George Osborne also talked about in terms of sadly he didn’t think none would care outside Northern Ireland. Brandon Lewis, a border poll is likely in the near future. That’s Liam’s point. 
Brandon Lewis [00:44:20] I would argue the opposite. If you look particularly at what the protocol offers, taking the point about getting everything working smoothly, as part of the United Kingdom Northern Ireland will have a unique competitive advantage in the world in the sense Northern Ireland has the ability to trade in and as part of the United Kingdom as well as through the single market with the EU. If you are a business who deals with the United Kingdom and the EU, the place to invest and grow your business is in Northern Ireland. It benefits from that being part of the United Kingdom.Fiona Bruce [00:46:02] So you welcome the conversation about a united Ireland. Brandon Lewis [00:46:06] I fully respect everybody -- part of the point of having peace and what has been delivered through the Good Friday Agreement is we can have these debates in a proper way. Fiona Bruce [00:46:14] But not a referendum. Brandon Lewis [00:46:16] I might entirely disagree with Michelle. I will make the case why Northern Ireland doesn’t just benefit from the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom benefits from Northern Ireland being part of it. As I say, we’re in the cent triyear. It is a chance to promote what Northern Ireland has to offer around the world. Fiona Bruce [00:46:36] Lessly. What would you like to say? Audience Member [00:46:40] I would like to make the point regarding the discussion about a united Ireland or not, as the case may be. Can I ask Arlene and Michelle, if those discussions don’t go well, are you going to argue the point out and then throw your teddy I didn’t say out the pram again in another three years? Fiona Bruce [00:47:08] I heard you say if they don’t reach agreement will they throw their Ted I didn’t say out the programme because people are I’ll come back to that in a mint. James.Arlene Foster[00:31:20] We all, as government ministers, will be looking back on how we took the decisions and there will be plenty of time for reflection over the coming years, but at this moment in time what we’re focusing on is saving lives, protecting hospitals, protecting the NHS, and making sure we have enough capacity in our NHS to deal with these issues. At the moment we’re at the very peak of our hospital capacity issues. It is why our health minister felt the need to ask for military assistance this week. He has asked for 110 medics to come across to give him that assistance. I think that’s the right decision. I’m pleased we have that capability to ask for that assistance in Northern Ireland when we get to that pinch point. I think we are working together in the executive. Of course, as a five-party coalition there will be bumps along the way. Every jurisdiction, every administration has had challenges, Fiona, during this crisis that we’re all facing into. But in a five-party coalition that had just very recently come back together again, I think we have worked well together and we will continue to do what is right for all of the people of Northern Ireland.Part 32
Fiona Bruce [00:44:50] Are you not concerned, as far as goods are concerned, in that Northern Ireland is in the market for goods, frictionless trade with the EU is a lot more straightforward for Northern Ireland so it pushes them a little bit closer to Dublin? 
Brandon Lewis [00:45:04] No, because you have unfettered access into Great Britain as well. So you have the ability to trade both ways. That gives Northern Ireland a competitive advantage. A huge opportunity. Once we come out of-COVID, I appreciate. We have seen over the last year over 3 billion pounds of support that Northern Ireland has had as part of the United Kingdom. But all of us in the United Kingdom are important. I disagree entirely with George Osborne. This matters for the whole of the United Kingdom. We are stronger because we are united. We are four nations working together. I think COVID had been a really good example of that. Equally, where I do agree with Michelle, and the point one of the DUPs MPs was making just today, and it fits in an article I wrote earlier this week, nobody should be stopped or afraid of having a conversation. It is right will discuss these things, particularly in a centenary year.Part 24Fiona Bruce [00:32:32] Michelle the question is is this lockdown enough. Today in Northern Ireland you extended the lockdown to 5 march. Michelle O’Neill[00:32:42]: I think there will be a day of reckoning for thetory. Particularly at the outset of the pandemic when they had a herd immunity policy. Fiona Bruce [00:32:50] They always denied that was their policy. They have always denied that was their policy, Michelle. [Michelle O’Neill]: Of course, among many a thing but that’s my assessment of the approach. I ask from the very outset the World Health Organisation was clear in terms of rapidly responding. They were very clear in saying there had to be test, test, test. It took longer to kick in. But in terms of our own approach in the executive, we are five different political parties from five very different political outlooks. I have no doubt everybody around the executive table is there to do what’s right for people. They are there to work in the public interest. Five parties around any table to make decisions on all the different things that we deal with in politics is going to be challenging at the best of times, but for a fledgling executive only reformed after three years of political hiatus, I think this was a huge challenge. So there will be reflection on our own approach as well and I think there’s plenty of time for us to do that. But as Arlene has said, this is going to be the toughest week for our health service in the north of Ireland. So at the onset of the pandemic, when we were predicting what could be the worst scenario and explaining that to the public, and the public would rightly feel this is not going to happen again. Unfortunately that is what happened now and we’re dealing with the worst time that we’ve been through the whole way through the pandemic. So we’re very focused today again on extending our measures. Unfortunately we’ve extended them for another four weeks and potentially that could go on into Easter. So our focus has to be on how do we support the businesses that were discussed, that they’re experiencing all the implications of lockdown, the disruption to business, to trade. How we can support individuals to do the things that Louise talked about. How can you ask people to isolate if you’re supporting them to isolate.
Fiona Bruce[00:41:40] Another question from Liam. Liam[00:41:44]: A border poll is likely in the near future. Should this be taken more seriously now.Fiona Bruce[00:41:52] Michelle.Michelle O’Neill[00:41:52]: Absolutely. I think the conversation we started talking about tonight in terms of Brexit and the implications of Brexit, one thing for sure Brexit has become a catalyst for many, many people entering into the conversation about the constitutional people. It will be the people alone who decide the constitutional future. One of the things that has made the issue even more topical is the fact that the EU have said in the event of a successful referendum that the North automatically would go back into the EU with the rest of Ireland. I think that becomes a stark question for many, many people now to consider do you wish to be part of that narrow, English, inward-looking Brexit Britain or do you want to be something better which is inclusive, outward-looking and within the EU in terms of Ireland. So I think there is a conversation now that needs to be had and we need to not fall into the same traps of the Brexit debate before with there was a lot of false information, misinformation, a lot of information that wasn’t there for people to consider and make the right choice. My position is certainly now is the time to plan. Now is the time to have the conversation. No one has anything to fare from the conversation. I don’t see any contradiction in being in the assembly, being a joint leader with Arlene in the executive whilst initiating and being part of conversation around constitutional change which is what is built in the Good Friday Agreement. It is the people who will decide. I think the conversation is now an unstoppable conversation. So let us all enter it with our own standpoint. We all come with our own view. Arlene will argue the other side. I have described this as the decade of opportunity and I see George Osborne is talking about the opportunity in the time ahead. I think that even Arlene’s colleagues, one of the MPs actually joined in the chorus with Peter Robinson, the former leader of the DUP, now is the time to enter into this conversation.Fiona Bruce[00:53:48] A few more hands up. Liam. It was your question, actually.
Liam[00:53:52] Just a couple of points. Arlene stated that, obviously she’s British and no one can take that away from her. I don’t think no one wants to take that away from her. I think any referendum is not about taking none’s Britishness away. Anand is saying about the here and now, the key is to make the protocol work in the here and now. One of the key things is you have to plan for this day coming, this referendum because we have to learn from the shambles that was the Brexit referendum and we have to make sure that any unity referendum is not like the Brexit referendum and people have a clear, concise knowledge of what it is they are voting for. We need to make sure. If the referendum isn’t for another 10 years, we need to start planning now.Fiona Bruce[00:52:58] When you hear businesses talking about the reams of paperwork, saying it is a full time job to deal with the new paperwork, much more than they had before, do you feel from your knowledge of the Brexit process that that is something we would be able to put behind us and we’ll get sorted out or it will continue to be a thorn in the sides of some companies?Anand Menon[00:53:18] It will vary on the firms. Some will deal with it, keep on trading. Other firms, small businesses, might struggle more because of the load placed upon them. We shouldn’t kid ourselves that Brexit means trade will continue as it did before. It won’t. It will change. That doesn’t mean that the protocol can’t be made to work for Northern Ireland. It means that government and businesses need to work together to ensure that it functions as well as it possibly can.Fiona Bruce[00:52:10] Anand, as a consequence of Brexit, a border poll is likely in the future. That’s what Liam is saying.
Anand Menon[00:52:16] You have to accept the fact that the Brexit process led to a significant rethink of the UK union not just in Northern Ireland; you see the same process happening in Scotland. So that just seems to be the reality at the moment. For me the priority at the moment is, yes, obviously people should plan because we are living in an uncertain time where public opinion seems to be very volatile. But surely it is to make the protocol work. We are where we are. We have a new settlement for Northern Ireland and while it is legitimate to think about the future I would hate it if because of that we lost sight of the present and didn’t take the opportunity to make that protocol work as effectively as it can.[DONE]Fiona Bruce [00:50:04] Arlene. 
Arlene Foster [00:50:06] I think it is important that we see the union for what it is. It is choice. For me it is much more, it is that I’m a no one can take that away from me. But we are in our cent triyear now. When Northern Ireland was created there were many that believed it wouldn’t last very long here we are celebrating 100 years. That is because of the strength of all of our people here in Northern Ireland to not concentrate actually, as Louise said to concentrate on the an everyday basis. If you look at what has happened throughout this past year with COVID, and Brandon talked on this, we have not only received 3 billion pounds in terms of support. The furlough scheme which helped a lot of ordinary people in their working lives, the self-employment scheme, but of course our National Health Service which is very much at the heart of our union, very key to us, the fact we have been able to take part in the UK-wide vaccination programme which has put us ahead of other parts of the world. Even today when we had to call in for military assistance we were able to do that because we are part of United Kingdom. So there are rational, logical reasons why we must remain within the UK, as well as if you look at -- and Brandon made this point earlier in the week -- it is what Northern Ireland brings to the United Kingdom at well. If you look at Queen’s University, it has just been awarded the best entrepreneurial university, beating Cambridge. So we have a strong education system, a great National Health Service, so a rational, logical basis I think people will continue to choose to be within the United Kingdom. It is, of course, under the Belfast Agreement for the consent of the people of Northern Ireland and there is nothing to show that the people of Northern Ireland want to leave the United Kingdom in any of the opinion polls.Fiona Bruce[00:58:10] Brandon, specifically what are you doing in order to promote Northern Ireland?Brandon Lewis[00:58:59] It is a very important question, actually. Just picking up on Anand's point, as I said earlier there are a range of things all of us who believe in the union should be looking at. First, the case why Northern Ireland benefits from being part of the United Kingdom. There are a whole range of things over the past year we have seen. The protocol working as part of Brexit gives Northern Ireland a unique opportunity.Fiona Bruce [00:39:56] Let’s get an answer to Julie Anne’s question. Arlene, I’ll start with you. Can you guarantee that she is going to get her second dose and when will she get it? 

Arlene Foster [00:40:12] This is something we discussed very recently in relation to the fact that this evidence was coming out the Israel that the dose should have been given within the time period initially thought about. I understand that the chief medical officer, chief scientific officer are speaking to the Israeli about what we are being advised. We are not scientists, not doctors, so we take our advice from our chief medical officers and scientific advisers and they are saying to us that the first dose does give you a certain amount of protection and that protection alongside all of the other measures in terms of social distancing, wa our hands, doing all of the that first dose then the second dose will be administered. In terms of Northern Ireland, our care homes, I think it is 80 percent of our care home residents have received the second dose of the Pfeiffer vaccine. We are pleased about that. will give them the protection they need. In terms of our vaccination programme in Northern Ireland in terms of the number of people per head of population who have been vaccinated. I think that that has worked very well with both of the vaccines. Making sure we use the Pfeiffer vaccine in the appropriate way then our GPS rolling out the Oxford AstraZeneca vaccine as well.Fiona Bruce[00:55:54] Arlene is shaking her head, I have to point out.
Michelle O’Neill[00:56:10] We are having the conversation tonight and the sky isn’t falling in. 	
Arlene Foster[00:56:40] It is important to have the conversation but Michelle will want to place it in a narrative of a united Ireland. I’m placing it in the strengths of the union. The fact is Northern Ireland is not just a European leader, in some sense a world leader in our security sectors in Belfast. We have so much going for us in terms of looking out to the future globally as a result of Brexit. One of the reasons why I supported Brexit was to look globally instead of placing it in the strenghts of the union. the fact is Northern Ireland is not just a European leader, in some sense a world leader in our security sectors in Belfast. We have so much oing for us in terms of looking out to the future globally as a result of Brexit. One of the reasons why I supported Brexit was to look gloablly instea of being restrained by the proximity and inflexibility of the European Union. We need to look globally. I think Norther Ireland is well placed to do that, especially with our young people and the talent we have here in the Northern Ireland with the support of the UK government. Fiona Bruce [00:11:38] It is pretty simple. No question of there being checks on goods going from Great Britain to Northern Ireland. So he was wrong there. He’s not right, is he? 
Brandon Lewis [00:11:50] The the point we made Northern Ireland businesses will have unfettered access as part of the UK. That the protocol does deliver. From products move from Great Britain into Northern Ireland, particularly with SPS checks -- 
Fiona Bruce [00:12:08] Sanitary and phytosanitary food, meat and animal products. 
Brandon Lewis [00:12:12] I’ll let you pronounce that bit. But also because we recognise and we have done for a long time the single epidemiological unit of the island of Ireland. There have been checks since the 19th century. That’s what we built on. We have built on that for those kind of products. Now this is partly to ensure that Northern Ireland businesses and Great Britain actions moving products to Northern Ireland staying in Northern Ireland get to do that tariff free. Obviously we have to make sure that they have that ability, unlike goods that may be moving to the Republic of Ireland where tariffs would apply.Michelle O’Neill[00:17:42]: I think the DUP are the outlier in terms of the Brexit peace and have hitched their wagon wrongly to the at other times from the outset of the Brexit discussion. We are with all the challenges that we have. But I will say this in terms of the Executive approach. While we disagree absolutely in terms of Brexit itself, we want to minimise the checks. It is clear for all to see there’s infrastructure at our ports to deal with the SPS checks. That was an essential part of the agreement that has been reached. Much be said about the protocol. The protocol is a protection because the reality is also that throughout all of the Brexit debate what was very clear was the fact of the about the was very much on an English agenda not in the best interests of the people who live here. We sought the protection. The protects has been delivered in the terms of the protocol that prevents an -- Orr supports the all-Ireland economy, prevents a border on the island of Ireland but crucially protects the Good Friday Agreement. I have to say that time and time again I’m no longer astonished in terms of the British government to owe who have tried to run roughshod over the Good Friday Agreement. They legality to breach it, in fact. felt the pressure from the United States in terms of trade deals and potential trade deals in the future that they rolled back on that. So the only security, I think, that the people of the north have is in terms of the protocol. As I said my job as a political leader is to try to minimise the disruption. But I will be looking towards the EU that there is full implementation of the protocol and it is protected.[DONE]Brandon Lewis [00:28:24] I think when you look at where we were in terms of where the R number was, it was low. What we have seen, particularly with the new strain, it is so virulent, all the decisions all way through this have been led by the scientific and medical advice we’ve had. We made the decisions based on the medical and scientific advice the government has had from SAGE, the Chief Medical Officer. Even when you look at -- if you take the point around international travel back in March last year what Louise just referenced, the WHO’s view was that wasn’t necessarily the right approach at that point in time. 
Louise Haigh [00:29:14] Five weeks after SAGE adviced you to take that circuit breaker. 
Brandon Lewis [00:29:20] In Wales the circuit breaker didn’t work. I’m not sure that’s the right point to be making. We look at the R rating, we look what is happening around the country. I’ll what the tier system is about. Looked at what is happening in different parts of the country. Even within the UK, one of the reasons we worked across as four nations, Scotland and Wales Northern Ireland, England, with the devolved authorities looking at what is right for them, which is right, there are difference across the country, but with the new strain we all moved together because it is so virtual.Fiona Bruce [00:06:12] Michelle.Michelle O’Neill[00:06:16]: I would remind viewers that the majority of people and elected representatives in the north are opposed to Brexit. We can see the outworking of that and certainly from my assessment it is very clear that what we’re witnessing is a trade adjustment shock. It is clear that the British government didn’t prepare or work with businesses in terms of them being ready. I think that’s a big thing in terms of operational readiness being able to trade.[DONE] Obviously the deal went right down to the wire so there wasn’t time for businesses to prepare. When you look at what we are experiencing, it is a direct result of Brexit. I think it is nonsensical for some claims which I heard, particularly from Brandon where he said this is a direct result of COVID, when we all know it is because of the fact that there’s not a readiness on the British end in terms of being able to adjust to the new trading appearance. Now there has been some solutions found to a number of issues over the course of the last number of weeks, something I very much welcome. There have been tariffs on steel been imported into the north, obviously there’s a big manufacturing industry here that depends on that. So I’m glad to see some solutions, but clearly this is the outworking of Brexit and we’re going to see a lot more of that. My job as a political leader will be to uphold the protocol and ensure it is implemented in its entirety and to find answers to problems.[DONE]
Fiona Bruce [00:24:00] We hear what you have to say. Thank you very much. I’m going to take another point but Darren, what do you have to say. I think we dealt with the dog now, if you have anything else you want to add. [Darren]: The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, when was the last time he went around a supermarket in Northern Ireland and what did he see? Fiona Bruce [00:24:20] I’m not sure how interesting that is. Unless he went post-January -- Brandon Lewis [00:24:28] Because of restrictions I have not been since Christmas. The point I was going to make after Michelle was pretty much the point that Arlene made. Those clauses we were talk about we were able to remove because the EU when we got the agreement on the petrol removed some of the requests they made which would have breached strand 3 of the Good Friday Agreement. Arlene is absolutely right. Those causes were about. I do take Emma’s point. I would say, and this links into the point I think Thomas might have made, it is important that businesses, and I appreciate small businesses are focused on running their businesses and doing their day-to-day work. One of the things they can do is deal with the Trader Support Service. It is free, the government is paying for that. Some of the companies named tonight who have worked with that have found no problems at all. They respond to 99.7, I think it is, percent of all calls and deal with the issues within 15 minutes. It is a really good service and I would encourage all businesses, particularly small businesses, to do that. The government picks up the cost of that.James[00:47:18]: Brandon it was last week you refused outline, the criteria that needs to be met for a border poll. Can you explain what evidence brought you to that conclusion?
Fiona Bruce[00:47:30] Philip?

Philip[00:47:34]: I would like to ask the Secretary of State why he is not advocating and actually giving us examples of what the British government will do to promote the union. From my perspective as a unionist, I would be concerned that we are sleep walking into conversation. It is a conversation that I honestly never thought would needed to be had in my lifetime and I’m pretty sure it now will be. I would also say to our first minister it is probably due to an incoherence within Unionism at leadership level and what does she see she can do to perhaps improve that.

Louise Haigh[00:48:16] Louise, H I think it is important to set the context for this question and what the last five years have done to the debate Northern Ireland. Because there’s no point denying it has not been a difficult and precarious time for Northern Ireland and I would say for Unionism. Huge debates about the future of Northern Ireland have been had in Westminster and I think a lot of people in Northern Ireland would feel that they are treated as an afterthought in Westminster at times and, at worst, a political football.

Fiona Bruce [00:48:46] Where does Labour stand in terms of a referendum on a united Ireland? 

Louise Haigh [00:48:50] First and foremost, as cosignatories to the Belfast Good Friday Agreement, that is absolutely sacrosanct. That is for people of Northern Ireland to determine their own future. The Belfast Good Friday Agreement held that whatever your aspirations, whether to a united Ireland or to remain in the union, that it is in all our responsibilities to drive progress in the here and now. I think what I heard Lesle saying, that she wanted to see good government and good progress in the here and now and driving change for people in Northern Ireland. Mo Mowlam always said it was the real lives that needed changing. So I asked all of us the British government, the Northern Ireland executive and other guarantors to The Agreement in Republic of Ireland have a duty to secure that peace into the future. I know the last five years have frayed the bonds of the union and the Good Agreement. I would appeal to everyone who has a stake in Northern Ireland’s future to rededicate themselves to final implementing that Good Friday AgreementFiona Bruce[00:54:46] Michelle you wanted to come in.

Michelle O’Neill[00:54:50]: I agree with that point. This is the time to plan. Your plan for change, now is the time to enter into the conversation. I would differ with Anand. There’s no contradiction in trying to make the protocol work, which I’m wedded to, but also the Good Friday Agreement, the peace process and the GFA was the alternative to conflict. I voted for it because of consent because that gave me an opportunity to work every day to convince people why the merits of a united Ireland is in their interests. It is delivering on day-to-day politics, health, education, working together as five parties in the executive but alongside that running parallel to have the conversation about what could a better future look like. Our economy in the north performs poorly in the south of Ireland. Wages are lower in the north when you compare our economy and GDP --

Fiona Bruce[00:55:54] Arlene is shaking her head, I have to point out.Fiona Bruce[0:01:10] We'll get underway with the first question.
Audience Member[0:01:14] Hi. Why has it taken until 15 February for the government to impose quarantine at the border. Why haven't lessons been learned from Australia who closed their border in the first wave and now have low levels of infection?
Ian Murray[0:01:34] It is a great question, a question we have been asking in Parliament for the last year. We're an island nation and most other island nations across the world did better than us because they took the decision early to stop incoming traffic. We had the South Africa strain for 50-odd days. It is only now we take the decision to close down the borders. It's too late. There was a study by Aberdeen University which showed most of the deaths happened because of the inward variants coming in to Scotland and the rest of the United Kingdom. It seems, again, where both governments have been too slow to react.Ian Murray[0:02:10] The consequence of that is we're behind the curve. It is still not coming in until the 15th which means tens of thousands of people will be landing into the UK, potentially with new variants of COVID. It is too late. We welcome it, we wish it was every country, it is every country in Scotland, there are big issues about what to be done, how people can access -- how they can pay for them. I have two constituency members, one has gone to the Czech Republic, she doesn't know how she's going to pay for it.

Fiona Bruce[0:02:42] Do you think the taxpayer should pay for it?

Ian Murray[0:02:48] It is £1,750. There has to be some way of looking at the system you had before when you come out of this and saying why are we asking people to self-isolate then not checking when they were travelling. It has been a mess. There's a resolution here, but it's too slow, too late, and we are suffering the consequences of thatFiona Bruce[0:13:16] The variant is present in 35 other countries not on the list.
Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:13:22] Which variant in are we going to protect against all future variants we don't know about? The point is I honestly believe we have to start to balance the interests of public health with private freedoms and all of the other aspects of our lives. I can tell you there are many other threats to our livelihoods and to our lives than Covid-19 and I see only a one-dimensional approach to this.
Audience Member[0:13:50] As an island nation we had the opportunity to learn, we were slightly ahead of the curve, we can't have learned from New Zealand and Australia. They managed to close their entire country borders, in between states. We have done nothing about it and we've had the worse death rate in Europe. It's an absolute scandal. This should have been at the outset, close the borders, stop the virus coming in and contain it. Instead we've had almost a year's worth now of open/close, start/stop, lockdown and various restrictions. It is too slow, too little, and too late. It is still a botched job because now we're going to create a border between England and Scotland, never mind with Ireland.Fiona Bruce[0:05:08] It is not that high at the moment but it was previously. Jeane.
Jeane Freeman[0:05:16] It is a good question. I'm sorry, but, Michael, I think you're completely wrong. All the public health advice here in Scotland in the summer we brought cases down to virtually zero and the only reason they increased, primarily, was international travel. So we permitted the virus to re-enter the country. Now, people across the country here and across the UK are working really, really hard, putting up with restrictions on their everyday life, staying at home, that's a big message, not seeing friends and families, wearing face coverings, all of that. They're doing that because they want to reduce the level of the virus in their communities, in their country. I think it is government's obligation to then make sure that we take the steps to ensure that we don't bring the virus into the country. And I think the UK government has done something but not enough. It should be entirely all countries. We should say to people, I'm sorry, if you are travelling in, as we are saying in Scotland, if you are traveling in to Scotland then you need to quarantine in these hotels for 10 days, tested before you travelFiona Bruce [0:09:04] Angela. Let's bring you in.
Angela Haggerty [0:09:10] I think most governments have been too slow to act on the border issue. If you have been listening to the experts, the scientists they have been saying since the beginning of the pandemic there are clear strategies to follow to limit the impact it has. On a number of occasions the UK has not followed that advice, the border being one example. And we're now in a situation where we have vaccines. It is unprecedented, really, when you think back to the start of the pandemic, we were being told it would be a minimum of 18 months but probably longer, yet here we are less than a year and we are well into the vaccine roll-out programme. That's incredible. But what is vital now is that we try to prevent variants because that's the big threat to the vaccine strategy. The quickest way to get the economy back on track, to do all of these things is to get in control of the virus. So we're only talking about, hopefully, another matter of months before we should have our population as best vaccinated as we possibly can. It is too little too late, but we should be locking down as much as we have to, focussing on the vaccine roll-out, then we can think about moving forward after that.Fiona Bruce[0:20:22] John.
Audience Member[0:20:24] Yes. I mean, after Brexit which divided us, now with this pandemic, do we really want independence to resow division and cripple our economy? It was once in a lifetime we were told, and we voted.
Fiona Bruce[0:20:42] Michael.
Michael Forsyth[0:20:44] I took the view that if the SNP had been able to get the support of the Scottish electorate then there should be a referendum, and I said that many years ago. And we had a referendum. And it was once in a generation referendum. The things about people who say they believe in democracy, they don't accept the referendum. And the Scottish Parliament, the elections to the Scottish Parliament, the duties of the Scottish Parliament are about health, education, employment, the things that really matter to people. They're not about constitutional matters. They're reserve to the United Kingdom Parliament. The reason the SNP are campaigning on this constitutional issue is because they're not interested in devolution, they're interested in the destruction of the United Kingdom. And they don't want the election to be about their record on health or any other areas because it is abysmal. When I left office, Scottish education was way ahead of England, now it is way behind.Fiona Bruce[0:03:10] Michael.
Michael Forsyth[0:03:12] The first thing is we didn't have the vaccine and we didn't have the new variants which the scientific advice is that we should be very concerned about. So that is why the borders are being closed. But we are in the ridiculous situation where, in England, the borders are closed to people coming from "red" countries, whereas in Scotland it is coming from all countries.
Fiona Bruce[0:03:34] Where do you think it should be?
Michael Forsyth[0:03:38] I don't think it should be either. We should concentrate on getting the vaccine done as quickly as possible.
Fiona Bruce[0:03:46] But we should let anyone who wants to come in come in?
Michael Forsyth[0:03:50] In Scotland no one is allowed from any country whatsoever and where the transport minister was suggesting we should continue with this until the rest of the world is vaccinated. By then we will have trashed our economy and destroyed our industries. We have to balance the economic interests along with the health risks. That's a difficult decision. I think all politicians from all parties should support the government in what it is trying to do.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:18] We have a few hands up. Lindsay.
Audience Member[0:04:20] How can we stop someone landing in Heathrow Airport then renting a car and driving up to Scotland?
Fiona Bruce[0:04:28] John?
Audience Member[0:04:30] If we don't sort our health crisis, we're not going to be able to sort our economic crisis. Simple as that.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:38] Jim.
Audience Member[0:04:40] The Isle of Man locked down 25 March. They now have no social distancing, pubs are open, kids back at school. We are far too late and just completely wrong.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:56] You think we should close the borders to all countries?
Audience Member[0:05:00] I don't understand how 600,000 people a month can be coming into this country on business.My worry about this, though, is I tend to agree with the Scottish government's position, we should stop travel from everywhere, rather than just red zones, but my fear about this is it falls into the politicisation that we've seen a few times so it all becomes about borders, then it becomes about politics and about the constitution, and it doesn't become about public health. That should be at the forefront of everybody's minds and I would really urge politicians to make sure that they don't fall down that hole because that's really not what the public is looking for.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:04] Stephen?
Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:11:06] So, I have -- and I listened to the audience and I speak to my friends and I ask people about this topic. The thing I get more than anything else is the sense of fear that the public has now. I look back to where we were in March last year, what we were asked to do, the plan was to flatten the curve, protect the NHS, slowly but surely we have shifted this goalposts to what's expected. I have to say I understand why so many people have this sense of fear because of what they hear from the media, from politicians and so on. I also understand why people feel to strongly about the border issue.Michael Forsyth[0:21:50] If you look at the record on health and elsewhere, I find it extraordinary, in the middle of a pandemic, when we have all the consequences in terms of lost jobs and the rest that people should be thinking that we should divide our country instead of putting together the damage which has been done by this virus, getting our economy growing again in order to pay down the debt and to pay jobs. I find it utterly unbelievable. And Scotland, Scotland is not the SNP. The Scottish Nationalist Party shouldn't take the electorate for granted and assume they are going to get a majority. They should concentrate on health and education.
Jeane Freeman[0:22:32] We are not insisting or taking for granted we would get a majority at all. It is curious, Michael, that actually the people in Scotland who are talking -- political parties who are talking most about independence are your own and Labour. What we're talking about is a pandemic and how you rebuild Scotland. And our view is if there is a majority in the next Parliamentary election on 6 May, 21 polls in a row, people saying that they want to be independent, but the Scottish people, the basic fact here is the people in Scotland have the right to choose whether or not they want to have a referendum.Angela Haggerty[0:18:47] Because people in Scotland are not simply just going to say oh well, we voted for it but they said no, so let's move on. Of course they're not. They're going to get angry about the fact that they are being denied the thing they voted for. I think we would be getting into very, very dangerous territory if Westminster tries to continue to block this. It looks like the SNP is going to win a majority. The polls in favour of independence are rising consistently. Westminster can't keep ignoring this. It has to be addressed.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:20] Sharon.
Audience Member[0:19:22] So Scottish trade to the UK accounts for 60 percent of exports compared with 19 percent to the UK --
Fiona Bruce[0:19:34] To the EU, I think you mean.
Audience Member[0:19:36] I don't think it is responsible for Scotland to try to be leaving the UK right now and attempting to join the EU. It can't be considered economically justifiable, let alone before peak COVID. And the situation is even worse now.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:58] Jason?
Audience Member[0:20:00] I would like to point out to people and try to remind them that the SNP is not the only pro-independence party in Scotland. There is the green-party.
Audience Member[0:20:10] Yes, the SNP could quite conceivably not gain a majority but there could be a majority vote for pro-independence parties overall if you take into account the green vote.Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:11:48] I cannot understand for the life of me why 12 months ago this was not a policy we instituted straightaway. When I hear people talk about the policy today, what I hear is they don't understand why we didn't do this a year ago. But our politicians are not paid to peddle paranoia or feed on our fears, they are paid to lead. When I look at all of the news today, I see signs of hope everywhere. We have better therapeutics, we have falling cases, we have a better understanding of infection rates, we have 90 percent of the most vulnerable people in the country vaccinated. I ask what are people afraid of.Fiona Bruce[0:12:26] It is not quite that yet.Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:12:30] 90 percent of the over 70s have been vaccinated. 50 percent of the panellists in this room have been vaccinated. So when I think about what it is that politicians are trying to encourage, I say we weren't ready nor Covid-19, we weren't ready for lock down and we have to be ready for life after lock down. When I hear politicians talking about banning all inbound travel --Fiona Bruce[0:12:56] That's the question. Do you think that should have happen now?Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:13:00] I understand if a political leader says to me we have taken a wisk-based approach, these are 33 risky countries and we think this risk is worth protecting against. I think be it's a popular decision to ban all travel.Michael Forsyth[0:23:16] They did.
Jeane Freeman[0:23:16] You only get a choice once.
Michael Forsyth[0:23:20] That's what your party said. Once in a generation. (My video has stopped). -- that we would be in the European Union. If we voted to leave the UK union we would be out of Europe. Look what's happened. 62 percent of people in Scotland voted against Brexit and now we're out of Europe with huge bureaucracy, real damage to the economy in Scotland, and I hope we come on to that. So what we are saying is people in Scotland have the right to choose. They have the right to choose. We'll have the argument about whether or not we are independent if people choose that they want a referendum. It is really straightforward and it is a basic democratic question and no one, actually no one, should deny the democratic right of people in Scotland to choose if they want to have a referendum to be an independent country or not.
Fiona Bruce[0:24:20] Gary.
Audience Member[0:24:22] I think the point that Jeane Freeman makes is quite a good point. I think the people of Scotland have spoken on a number of occasions with regard to how they want to be managed in the UK environment.Angela Haggerty[0:17:33] You have to excuse me but I don't think a phrase as simplistic as "now is not the time" should overtake parliamentary democracy.
Fiona Bruce[0:17:44] The fact we're in a does that make any difference, do you think?
Angela Haggerty[0:17:48] If they win a majority they have another Parliamentary term for 4 or 5 years. We are hoping by the end of this year that we might be coming out of the crisis stage of the pandemic. Nobody is saying if the SNP won they are going to hold the reserve come the week after. But we have to get back to the point here. This is not about timing. We can have debates about timing and when the best time to do it would be. The point here is about who has the right, who has the authority. Now, if the Scottish people go to the polls and they vote for something quite clearly in an election and then that is denied by Westminster, then they're effectively saying the Scottish Parliament doesn't have, really, any authority. And we're then beyond democracy. This is the part that worries me. If we exhaust the democratic roots and Westminster keeps saying no, the big question then is what happens next.Ian Murray[0:15:56] Why was this not done a year ago? For all the things that are said, it should have been done earlier.
Fiona Bruce[0:16:06] Let's hear from the audience.
Audience Member[0:16:08] I do understand the balancing act, it is a delicate balancing act between the economy and health, but we've known for a long time the virus is spread very quickly with the movement of people and between people. So it is almost like the government is playing Russian roulette with people's health. We are too slow. I think that will damage the economy more than anything else.Fiona Bruce[0:16:34] I'm going to -- we could talk about this all evening. I'm going to move on, take another question from Iain.Audience Member[0:16:40] If the SNP get a majority in May, what right do the Tories have to deny Scottish diplomacy withholding a referendum on independence?Fiona Bruce[0:16:52] Angela?Angela Haggerty[0:16:56] If the SNP get a majority in May then the Tories don't have any authority to deny a second independence referendum, but I have to point out that we've already been in this situation. The SNP has won so many elections since 2014 and somewhere in its manifesto it always had the reference to the second independence referendum. So we're already in a state where we have the Conservative government and even if it was a Labour Government saying they are going to block a second referendum because now is not the time.






Jeane Freeman[0:26:08] Scottish Nationalist Party.

Fiona Bruce[0:26:12] Stephen, give us your perspective.

Stephen Fitzpatrick [0:26:16] I used to live in Edinburgh, about a mile away from here, I spent some of the happiest days of my life right here. It would make me incredibly sad to think of Scotland as an independent country. I understand as an entrepreneur and somebody who didn't want to report to somebody else, I understand the urge to find independence. When I think of Scotland, I think of the potential of an independent Scottish nation, I have no doubt whatsoever that Scotland could be a thriving independent country, with an exciting future. But I have to say, you ask any entrepreneur what happens when you quit your job and you set off on your own. Anybody who tells you it is going to be easier or better, you are going to be better off, that you're going to have even more independence, I can tell you it is not true. As an entrepreneur you sacrifice so much, work twice as hard to get half as much. You risk losing everything. It takes a long time for that to pay off. If this is the path Scotland wants to go down, I can understand both sides of the argument, but if anybody tells you it is going to be easy or better or you are going to have more independence, I can tell you there's a lot of other problems that come.Fiona Bruce[0:32:26] Angela.
Angela Haggerty[0:32:28] We have a saying "with crisis comes opportunity". I think some politicians like Iain are not -- you want to talk about the SNP's domestic record. It's like the world is in flames and you want to talk about a tiny little part of it rather than see the bigger picture. Since 2014, we have now had Brexit, Scotland still does not want Brexit and we feel in Scotland as though that -- we talk about democracy, recognising the results of referendums, we feel that one hasn't been realised in Scotland. But also we now have COVID. This is a crisis that none of us saw coming. Sometimes, when you're in the middle of a situation like that, especially when the population seems to have high approval of how Nicola Sturgeon is dealing with this as opposed to Boris Johnson, what you then have is a population that could be looking at this and thinking, well, things probably can't get an awful lot worse than they are now so maybe this is just exactly the time to do it. We're in a crisis anyway, so let's take control of it for ourselves then we can build back up for ourselves. I think politicians are not quite getting this bigger picture. They are arguing about the smaller detail of it.Fiona Bruce[0:27:42] You supported Brexit. Would you not have supported the same argument to the UK as a whole?Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:27:50] One of the reasons I supported Brexit was I became very interested in homelessness. I saw a real challenge with homelessness but social equality in general as being part of a nation of 28 nations with open borders, some of which have an income 80 percent less than the UK. We should, by the way, provide every homeless person with somewhere to sleep, but then find that applies to potentially 500 million people. So that was some very specific reasons why I voted for Brexit. I thought economically we would be worst off but socially more cohesive. I think over the shorter term, I genuinely, hand on heart, if Scotland say they want to go for independence, I will be sad but I will be supportive and optimistic, but this is a decision that will affect this generation and future generations and children and people not even born for decades and hundreds of years. What is the rush? Right now every nation around the world is trying to figure out how on earth they are going to recover from this economic and social disaster, and with 250,000 children living in poverty, I cannot understand this is the time. But, that said, if this is the time, then I think it is for the Scottish people to decide.Fiona Bruce[0:29:18] Alistair?
Audience Member[0:29:20] I think one of the thing that's fueling the desire for Scotland to become independent, despite the fact there are maybe concerns or problems about what that might entail, is how badly the UK government is handling just about everything. That has been mentioned already, some of the comments and things in Westminster are absolutely unhelpful.
Fiona Bruce[0:29:42] Let me say one more thing then I'll come back to you. Kelly.
Audience Member[0:29:46] So we're getting a second chance, if we get the referendum we're getting a second chance to vote for independence. But what if, as Stephen said, it's a lot harder than it turns out -- are we going to get a chance to go back?
Fiona Bruce[0:30:08] Buyer's remorse, if you like. Ian.
Ian Murray[0:30:14] I think the reason they want to turn it into whether or not we have a referendum is because they can't defend their own record in government. The Scottish Parliament requires to deal with 250,000 -- Education system -- to put them into -- this was all before the pandemic. People are worried about their jobs, worried about their -- have all talked about a referendum this year. That's extraordinary.Ian Murray [0:31:07] So, maybe if we're going to turn the May election into a reserve on whether or not we have a referendum we could start asking the big questions to be debated now. The currency issue, how we get back into the EU. Jeane already said very clearly that she thinks Brexit is a material change of circumstances even though it was highlighted in the white paper and David Cameron highlighted before the next referendum. We have to put every single focus into COVID recovery and we're going to have a referendum, set up a new nation in 18 months, that was the proposal before, no access to the EU, the EU border -- no answers about currency. It is 7 years since the last referendum. We don't have these questions in front of us. The oil price was supposed to be $115 a barrel. It has been less than half of that. The entire economy was based on that. The economic proposition is a disaster. Brexit is a disaster. If Brexit taught us anything we should be building bridges, not walls. I'm the only person on this Panel that is consistent here. Because I believe Scotland should be be in the UK and the UK should be in the EU. That's the way you make your economy strong, that's the way you bring people together.Michael Forsyth[0:35:18] If you want to have another referendum you at the very least should spell out how we'd survive. What would happen to people's pensions? How would we pay their pensions? How would you pay your share of the debt which is now enormous? There's going to be half a trillion pounds of debt. It is just fantasy politics and fantasy economics to think that you are going to risk the future of Scotland by shearing yourself away from the strength of the United Kingdom around you.
Jeane Freeman[0:35:50] What I don't really understand is why, in the face of the 21 polls that show that a majority -- increasing majority of people in Scotland want not only a referendum but to be independent, an SNP --
Michael Forsyth[0:36:08] That's because you keep telling them lies about the consequences.
Jeane Freeman[0:36:12] People in Scotland are not daft. They know when they are being told lies. It is disrespectful to say such a thing. What we've said, and it isn't actually a referendum or election, the SNP and other parties will take a prospectus to the electorate that will be more than about referendum and independence, but the basic fact is the people of Scotland should have the democratic right to choose whether or not they want a referendum. If they do, if they do, then we'll have all these arguments on both sides.Audience Member[0:43:10] I would like to know why the inquiry is taking so long. There's clearly more to this argument on both sides.Fiona Bruce[0:43:16] There is a date it has to report by. Jason.Audience Member[0:43:20] I think Iain touched on this already, but the concerns raised around the treatment of transsexuals in the party speak to sprinting as well.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:34] Well, the question is does the fallout between Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon suggest that the party is divided?Michael Forsyth[0:43:40] There is a Civil War going on inside the SNP. You only have to look at the Twitter feeds to see that. I'm less concerned about that than what is happening to the standards of government in Scotland. When you have civil servants giving evidence under oath and having to come back to correct their testimony, when you're told that millions are spent on coaching them before giving evidence, something has gone very, very wrong with the government of Scotland. When the government votes 0 on two indications for information to be made to the inquiry and the first minister ignores it, something has gone very wrong.Ian Murray[0:40:48] Nicola Sturgeon had a meeting with the former first minister in the house of the chief executive of the SNP who happens to be married to the current first minister, and nobody mentioned what they were talking about. This is a cesspit that has to be resolved for two reasons. It is bringing democratic structures in Scotland into disrespect, and, secondly, there is women involved here who were brave to come forward and it is all being swept under the carpet. It is a disgraceful thing that's happened and it is a disgraceful thing what's happened to Joanna Here. She has done her home affairs brief, I worked closely with her during the Brexit, cast aside from the SNP for having a different view. That's the kind of party we have running Scotland at the moment. It is undermining our democracy. Until we get to the truth we will never know what the problem has been. Nicola Sturgeon still refuses to answer the question.Fiona Bruce[0:41:48] Let me restate obviously Alex Salmond was acquitted and Nicola Sturgeon denies misleading Parliament.Angela Haggerty[0:47:04] The SNP as a single issue party can provide a home but because the SNP is in government in Scotland as well, it then has to come up with policies and it has to take positions on things. So you can't walk -- it is a tightrope to walk and the SNP can't continue to do that long term. It was inevitable something like this would happen but the SNP was counting on it happening after independence not before it. .

Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:47:38] What I thought I heard is because a politician is particularly popular at the moment, then it may be okay if they breach a ministerial code, they would not resign where otherwise they normally would. I didn't have much to say about this before but I can't believe what I just heard. I have to say, I think the Scottish people expect more from their politicians than the rest of the UK.
Fiona Bruce[0:38:20] You don't think it is divided with what is going on?Jeane Freeman[0:38:22] It is a big party.Fiona Bruce[0:38:26] Would you describe it as united?Jeane Freeman[0:38:28] It has disagreements. Michael belongs to a party that has disagreements, one currently about their Scottish leader. Iain has had disagreements with his party. The point is it's not uncommon for there to be disagreements between party members. And I think that that is entirely to be expected. What isn't acceptable, and I think it is important that I say this, is any disagreements are conducted that is disrespectful of other points of view. I want to be in a political party and a country where different viewpoints and different arguments, Donald Dyer famously said, are conducted with respect and without abuse. That is the key point.Fiona Bruce[0:39:16] Who do you think is being disrespectful then?Jeane Freeman[0:39:20] People feel that they have been -- when they have been voicing opinions on different matters that they have been not listened to and that they have been treated disrespectfully on all sides of the different arguments and disputes going on.Angela Haggerty[0:33:52] You have to look at the polls, Iain and Michael. If you're a unionist, you should be looking at the polls and see that support for independence is going up. If you want to stop that, you need to come up with a good proposition for the union which isn't just how terrible Scotland would do if it went out there as an independent country. There's no reason why Scotland couldn't thrive and survive as an independent country. You can't keep going back to the same arguments. You have to give people something more.
Michael Forsyth[0:34:22] I can give you 20 billion reasons why we're lucky to be part of the United Kingdom. 20 billion is how much has come north of the border.
Jeane Freeman[0:34:32] This is not free money, Michael. This is money the Scottish taxpayer pays into the economy.
Michael Forsyth[0:34:40] Your own figures show Scotland gets a huge amount from the United Kingdom Treasury. This particular crisis, I didn't say, the Flo scheme, the vaccines where would we have voted --
Jeane Freeman[0:34:56] We would have been where the UK is, borrowing money to get through this.
Michael Forsyth[0:35:00] Can I finish my point? Where would we be if we voted to leave the United Kingdom? How would we have managed? We wouldn't have had the strength of the United Kingdom around us. We wouldn't have had the support that we've had for the furlough scheme. We wouldn't have had the ability to be able to finance it.Michael Forsyth[0:44:28] When Alex Salmond is expected to appear, he was acquitted by the courts, half a million pounds of our money was spent in a process which the courts found to be improper, and when he's asked to go to the inquiry and the evidence which he has presented is not made available to the public, it does begin to look as if there has been some dirty work at the crossroads. That is very damaging for Scotland. I hope in the election that the SNP will be given their jotters because this is, at the absolute heart of the integrity of government.Fiona Bruce[0:45:12] Angela.Angela Haggerty[0:45:14] I think that we have to question how much of this actually cuts through to the public. I recognise that we're in a pandemic so people are online more than they have ever been. Scottish political social media is smaller than that and there's a lot of -- and things can come across as being a much bigger deal than they might be in reality to the wider population. I think we're talking about committees and procedures and people giving evidence, then going back and is Salmond going to speak, is he not going to speak?Fiona Bruce[0:48:02] Just to clarify, is that what you said? Is that what you meant?
Angela Haggerty[0:48:06] I'm not saying that's okay for that to be the situation, but we're in a crisis in an unprecedented time where I think the public would be far more likely to overlook that because the pandemic is what is at the forefront of everybody's mind now. [ DONE]
Ian Murray[0:48:28] It's not about the SNPs, Labour, the Tories. It is about the SNP seeking the truth.
Fiona Bruce[0:48:34] I have 10 minutes left. I want to get this question in from Robert Clark.
Audience Member[0:48:40] Is the government doing enough to help assist the fishing and shellfish industries?
Fiona Bruce[0:48:48] Michael.
Michael Forsyth[0:48:50] The answer to that is no. They made some 100 million pounds available, but the fact is that there is quite a lot to be sorted out in terms of the application of idiotic rules both across the straits into Europe and also within our own country in Northern Ireland.
Fiona Bruce[0:49:12] The EU say this is the deal, you have to deal with it.Michael Forsyth[0:49:14] Listen. If you land a box of fish in Peterhead and want to get it to Northern Ireland, you used to be able to do that by the afternoon. Now it takes -- you are expected under some of the rules to give three days' notice of the plan.Fiona Bruce[0:49:32] These are rules the government agreed to.Michael Forsyth[0:49:34] I'm happy to debate with you, but if I finish the point. You're meant to give notice of 3 days of the landing of the fish. The fish are still in the sea at that point. It is a ridiculous rule. So what Michael Gove has done, he set up a task force under David -- what they need to do is sort out these petty, stupid regulations otherwise we are going to get into a very difficult situation where we have to look at the whole Northern Ireland protocol again.Jeane Freeman[0:39:32] But the party itself and all those people who support it and all those activists are getting on with the job that they want to do, which is to promote what the SNP is doing, to promote the case for independence, and on the question of Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon, I have worked with Nicola Sturgeon for five years. I know her to be a woman of considerable integrity. She is completely focused on what she believes is the right thing to do for the people of Scotland, right now in the pandemic and in building back after the pandemic.
Fiona Bruce[0:40:12] Ian.
Ian Murray[0:40:12] The party is tearing itself apart. You are either in the Salmond or Sturgeon corner. You have issues in court, issues around sexual harassment, a committee in Parliament unable to get to the truth because of obfiscation and denial from all the parties involved. You have a situation whereby the First Minister of Scotland, who has all the talents that Jeane has said, and I agree, she has a tremendous amount of talent, can't remember meetings she had.
Jeane Freeman[0:40:46] This isn't true.Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:52:54] This is another argument in favour of the focus on rebuilding our economy. I have to say, there will be no support for underprivileged children and young children in coastal communities if we cannot re-start our economy. We have millions who have lost their jobs and savings and thousands who have lost their homes in the years to come. We have to ask when are we getting people back to work and children back to school? It is the children that live in --
Fiona Bruce[0:53:24] Are we not off the question here. Is the government doing enough for fishing and shellfish?
Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:53:32] We have economic turmoil all over the country. While we could have short-term support, the coastal communities need long-term support and investment.Michael Forsyth[0:50:06] Similarly, in Holland and in France, people are being told that they can't get their lorries through because they used a red stamp rather than a blue stamp. This is the EU playing games and showing bad blood and bad faith because they cannot stand the fact that Britain has left the European Union and the United Kingdom is now an independent country. We need to sort out these these things. It is essential we do so and we support our fishing industry and give them the opportunity to take advantage of the benefits that come from being out of the EU.
Ian Murray[0:50:46] It sounds like Michael is making an argument for not leaving the EU in the first place. Boris Johnson went on TV and said there would be no non-tariff barriers with the deal done with the EU. There are lots of non-tariff barriers.Ian Murray[0:51:56] That's the problem. They had to keep them in in order to stop the non-tariff barriers being put in place. It is ridiculous. The only upside of all this, and I spoke to the Scottish Fishing Federation yesterday, because the customers are depressed all over Europe but when that customer base comes back it will be dreadful unless it is done now.

Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:52:22] I grew up in a coastal town in Northern Ireland and I can tell you the problems facing coastal communities and fishing communities are not new since 1 April. They have been undersupported for decades.

Fiona Bruce[0:52:38] But there is a different situation now in terms of selling their fish.

Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:52:42] I stand by the point the most underprivileged communities in the whole of the UK all lie along the coast. They are no longer inner cities; they are young people and children in coastal communities all over the United Kingdom.Ian Murray [0:51:04] The Scottish fishing Federation chief executive said herself we must be the only coastal state that has full control over our waters but we are fishing with one hand tied behind our backs. This is the deal the prime minister put together and the deal he signed. The Northern Ireland protocol is there because we had to put a border in the Irish Sea because the border could not go on the island of Ireland. This is a consequence of leaving a trading union with one of your biggest trading partners. It is not a consequence of stupid rules; it is a consequence of what has been signed.
Michael Forsyth [0:51:44] Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom.
Ian Murray [0:51:46] Yes but not in terms of the single market. The border in the Irish Sea, in the customs union.
Fiona Bruce [0:51:52] We're applying custom union rules.Fiona Bruce[0:54:50] I'm so sorry, I need to bring Jeane in otherwise we're going to run out of time.
Jeane Freeman[0:54:56] There's a number of things. First of all, this isn't about EU rules; this is about the deal that Boris Johnson signed. It's baked into the deal because he refused to be part of the single market. It can't be changed, no matter what Michael Gove says. And Angela is right, the fishing communities in the northeast have been lied to. That's exactly how they feel. Let's not forget the shellfish industry which is really important in Scotland that has not traded ever since the beginning of the year, not traded at all because of everything they have to go through.Fiona Bruce[0:53:42] Angela.Angela Haggerty[0:53:44] I think the fishing industry is probably more -- it feels deeply it has been sold out by the UK government when it comes to Brexit. People in the industry say they were quite often held up by the government as, you know, look at this industry, look at the support that we have for Brexit. And they expected a few things within that deal that they thought were going to be absolute givens. They might not get everything but they thought they were going to get some things. Then the deal comes along and they don't even get that. It has led to other problems. The people in those industries are kind of despondent. We're talking a minimum five years before anything could change, and even then it likely might not. I think it is appalling, the level of betrayal, actually, that has happened in that industry. We don't talk about that element of that enough, because it is quite important for those people in those communities.Michael Forsyth[0:56:32] Do you think it is reasonable for a man taking a digger from the mainland of Britain to Northern Ireland should be told he has got to wash the digger before it can get into Northern Ireland because it's got British soil on it. Do you think that's part of the deal?
Jeane Freeman[0:56:46] That was the deal your prime minister signed. Part of the deal he signed.
Michael Forsyth[0:56:52] Then the deal needs to be undone.
Ian Murray[0:56:54] This is the deal that will determine the relationship between an independent Scotland and --
Jeane Freeman[0:57:00] No, an independent Scotland would have the opportunity to be back into that European Union, that large trading partner that we wanted to stay with and had to turn our back on because we're part of the United Kingdom.Jeane Freeman[0:55:39] And today in the Scottish Parliament the major exporters in food and drink said Brexit was a disaster, it was making trade really difficult and for some of our young entrepreneurial countries that don't want to send a whole lorry load but want to send part of a lorry load, it is not financially viable for them to do that because of the bureaucracy that comes as a consequence of the deal that Boris Johnson signed. There's no way around it. You can't spin it any other way. It is because of the deal that was signed, the fact that we're outside of a major trading partner is going to wreak havoc on our economy. Michael, you want to deny the people of Scotland to deny whether or not they want to be an independent country.Ian Murray[0:36:46] The people of Scotland have the democratic right to be told the consequences. Jeane, if you just tell me tonight what the currency would be and when, I'm happy to take that away and look at it. If you tell me what the -- to the EU would be. You're doing what the Brexiteers did, cherry pick. You don't want the deal that's just been signed between the UK and the EU, the border at we aric. The deal between the EU and the UK would determine what the aborter would be between Scotland and England. Scotland under your proposal would be an EU country and England would not be therefore the border between Scotland and England would be determined by the very trade agreement signed -- signed by Boris Johnson on 31 December. Be straight with people.
Jeane Freeman[0:37:38] I'm happy to be straight with people, if you will.
Fiona Bruce[0:37:44] I'm going to stop not because it is not interesting, but there are other people in the room. Let's take another question.
Audience Member[0:37:56] Nicola Sturgeon suggests that the SNP is a party divided, splinter and in crisis.Ian Murray[0:07:58] You haven't given an explanation why it has taken until mid-February to make the decisions. If what you said is true, and I have no reason to believe it is not true, that we imported the variants, why has it taken the Scottish government as well as the UK government to 15 February when it comes in to do anything about it?Jeane Freeman[0:08:20] You'll know that not all the powers are devolved to Scotland.Ian Murray[0:08:26] You have the decision now.Jeane Freeman[0:08:28] We are trying to reach an agreement across the four nations. We have taken the approach as others have from the outset, where we can get four-nation agreement -- where we are now is we can't be wait any longer for this. We've learned those lessons from the summer and we're saying now that we need to prevent international travel from any country into Scotland, and that means we do have to look at what our options are in the land border because the UK government won't go far enough.Ian Murray[0:08:58] It is a decision you made. It is a decision where the Scottish Parliament has the power to make it.
Audience Member
[0:24:33] I don't think Boris Johnson has a mandate to say to the Scottish people it was a once in a lifetime referendum. You only have to look at the way Boris Johnson treats the SNP group down at Westminster in debate. If no one watched, he treats them with total disregard. The Scottish people wanted to remain in the EU, that's been disrespected. It is now clear there's a mandate from the Scottish people and if there's a clear mandate in May with an overwhelming majority SNP government, I think Boris Johnson has no choice but to give the Scottish people their wish and grant them another referendum.

Fiona Bruce
[0:25:10] Alex?

Audience Member
[0:25:12] I think the handling of the pandemic has shown there will be divides after it's over. We don't have the flexibility up here to do a lot other than what we're getting from Westminster. We need to take control of our own destiny in some ways and look after our own affairs and not be cowtowing with him about all these topics. Let's have another referendum.

Fiona Bruce
[0:25:42] Simon.

Audience Member
[0:25:44] I'm an SNP supporter. I voted for independence. If Boris doesn't want -- he needs to get the SNP name right.

Michael Forsyth
[0:26:04] What you see is what you get.Jeane Freeman[0:41:58] There is an independent review of whether or not the first minister broke the code of conduct. She says no, and I believe her. Secondly, there is an independent review that will go through due process. Secondly, the first minister said from the outset that she will appear in front of that committee, under oath, and answer all questions that it has. So the idea that she is trying to hide away in some way couldn't be further from the truth, and you know it.
Fiona Bruce[0:42:24] Stephen.
Stephen Fitzpatrick[0:42:26] I am delighted to say I don't have very much to say about this. There's a lot of he said, they said, she said, I am delighted not to have to be too much party to this discussion. When I travel back home to Belfast, there's a lot of local politics. When I travel to Scotland, the same. When I go to travel abroad, we have business all over the world, and the Scottish people are united when they travel. British people are united when we travel, always when we're at home these things appear. I'm delighted not to have much to say.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:06] Okay, you stay out of it.Michael Forsyth[0:06:32] How are you going to enforce that? How are you going to enforce it when people can fly into England and go to Scotland.Jeane Freeman[0:06:42] Exactly. And the point goes back to you and your party.Fiona Bruce[0:06:46] No, it could come back to you, Jeane. Are you going to be -- what about people who arrive in England, drive up and want to go to Scotland? [D ONE]Jeane Freeman[0:06:58] There's two things we will do. We'll keep on the discussions across the four nations with the UK government. I had one tonight just before I came here, to try and persuade them to not stick to just the red zones but, in the meantime, we also have to look at what we do about the land border precisely because of what the lady in the audience said. Most international travel into Scotland is routed through the big hubs around London, Manchester and elsewhere.Fiona Bruce[0:07:28] Have you got a plan?Jeane Freeman[0:07:30] What you can't have is people coming in, getting on public transport, coming up to Scotland and we don't know about that and they're not required to quarantine in a way that we can manage. So we have to consider what our options are about that land border. Now, I would rather that wasn't the case, to be honest. I would rather across the four nations we were takeMichael Forsyth[0:14:38] If we had done that last year, the moment you release the lockdown it gets back into the community. What has changed is that we have a vaccine. If you have the population vaccinated, then having a lockdown you can get out of the lockdown and you can save the jobs and the costs, which are enormous. Our economy is hedge raging, every day our debts are going up. So we need to balance the health needs against the economic needs of the country.Jeane Freeman[0:15:12] That is the wrong balance. One of the audience said, quite rightly, unless you get the health needs sorted, the economy will go down the tank anyway because people will get seriously ill, they will die and our NHS will be overwhelmed. People understand that that's why they are doing all the things they are doing. On the vaccine, the vaccine isn't a magic bullet. The vaccine is one of the really important layers of protection but right now we do not know for sure how effectively it is on transmission. We know that it protects you from serious illness and death -- not completely, but very well, indeed -- but we don't know that it stops you transmitting the virus from one person to another. That is critical information.Angela Haggerty[0:45:52] People are strategising to follow this. It is a boring procedure. You have to recognise that Nicola Sturgeon's popularity is at quite incredible levels right now. It really is, considering how long the SNP have been in government. That's quite unusual. And where it might be conventional if you were found to have misled Parliament or broken the ministerial code, it might be convention for those normally to resign, but these aren't normal times. I don't think there is public appetite out there for the removal of Nicola Sturgeon from office. So I'm not -- I don't think that this is the big Nicola Sturgeon downfall that some of the opponents think. More broadly than that, the idea of splits with the SNP, you have to remember that after 2014 the SNP had a massive surge in membership and they were coming from different walks of life, the left, the right and the centre. They were all conjugating with the SNP on the constitutional issue of independence. So there's no way that the SNP could possibly have provided a political home for them all long-term.Fiona Bruce[0:00:48] The first question is from James alcock.
Audience Member A[0:00:58] Why can you sit on a beverage on 8 March for a drink with a friend but you have to wait 35 days later to do it outside a licensed pub or restaurant? Social contact is no different. If anything, it's safer. Why are we waiting.
Fiona Bruce[0:01:16] What's your feeling about this?
Audience Member B[0:01:24] The social contact is no different. As much as I believe the British public want to do the right thing, the reality is, as an operator, I'll manage that for you, I'll make sure you're safe, that's what we do, we're experts in safety. If the guidelines are there to make sure people are 1.5, 2 metres apart, I'll do that for you. To make people manage that themselves, it is difficult.Audience Member 2[0:01:48] Ultimately I want parity in the rules and fairness. I don't mind if we wait until August, what I want is support and I want to understand there's some fairness, some parity. As an industry, I have to wait for Rishi in that case to come out, now I have to wait for the budget. That's not fair. Ultimately we want fairness, parity, we want a clear message. I think Boris Johnson missed the chance to open the industry early, do it with that support, that safety and that thing that we'll do, we'll manage that outside for him. He's missed a trick.

Fiona Bruce[0:02:28] He's missed a trick, Grant.Jeremy King[0:04:38] The amount of diligence and care that the hospitality business put in to applying for both its customers and its staff is without doubt. So I feel that we're treated like children. We feel that we have got no understanding of what it is going to take for us to be fully open. And the arbitrary nature of this five-week gap, we're told it's about data not dates, but there's five-week gaps where suddenly we go from stringent conditions on 17 May through to all gloves off on 21 June. I don't understand. The country doesn't understand. It's illogical. It is irrational.Fiona Bruce[0:05:22] SAGE called for the five-week gap. We had a professor of public health on last week saying it was difficult to be precise as to whether restaurants, hospitality are quite as safe in terms of rising infections. It was difficult to be categorical about that, despite the efforts everyone is making.Grant Shapps[0:02:34] Everyone wants to get out, to be done with this thing, of course. But we know if you're not careful about the way you unlock you end up right back where you started despite having this phenomenal rollout of the vaccine with 7.8 million people having their first vaccines by today. We still have to be very cautious with it in order we can make this the final time. I would love for us to be able to say, right, that's it, caution to the wind, off we go, job done, but the truth is --
Fiona Bruce[0:03:04] It doesn't strike him as fair.
Grant Shapps[0:03:06] On the fairness point there's a big difference between something you can already do, which is go for exercise with one other person, now we're saying you can meet with them socially, again maintaining distance and what have you, but it's one other person, not a crowd, not a bunch of people.Fiona Bruce[0:05:50] Tony, as head of the CBI do you agree with Jeremy and with James that it is going too slowly for the hospitality business, which has suffered so much already? .Tony Danker[0:06:06] There are sectors of the economy who are unhappy with the plan. I think the real regret is that you have to wait 10 days for the budget. The budget is part 2 of this plan. It is really important that if we're going to keep those sectors closed, for reasons I completely understand.Fiona Bruce[0:06:22] Do you think it is right to keep them closed so long as the government is suggesting?Tony Danker[0:06:26] I think the prime minister is the one person in the country who has to weigh up medical advice, school requirements, different sectors of the economy. I think it is only right if financial support comes along. By the way, James will know this, but only 40 percent of pubs have outdoor space. I spoke to a pub landlord in Cornwall today saying there's no way I could afford to open my pub so the outdoor is almost irrelevant.Fiona Bruce[0:11:56] Jo.Jo Grady[0:12:02] I know what it is like to want to get back into the social settings that we've all had, but what I think is the message that is coming through from the business owners is, this is inconsistent, there's no end in sight and actually I --Fiona Bruce[0:12:18] There is an end in sight. June 21.Jo Grady[0:12:22] What James is saying, even if it went on longer, a package that made sense allowing people to sustain their business and employees is important. If you had to throw away perishable goods, that has been happening throughout the entire pandemic. What I want to see is -- and it is inconsistent. Schools are going back. I don't know what James' home life is. You could share a home life with a teacher going back into nonventilated setting but your business can't open. So clarity, funding, support for workers and businesses, that would make all of this easier to sustain. We haven't had those things and we don't have a sight of what that would look like.Jeremy King[0:15:38] The government figures showed absolutely the opposite. We have seen .005 percent infection among customers. The government, the ONS have produced the figures themselves. The infection rate is very, very low in these situations. I don't understand, also, this idea that being outside suddenly you are safe. You are less vulnerable, perhaps, but you are not safe. I walked through Soho where people are sitting cheek by jowl shouting at each other in the noise. This is not safe. COVID does not respect the fact that you are outside. There's a much greater facet to it is how close you are to people. Also, the practicality of it. I do despair sometimes that nobody in the government has worked in the hospitality industry and that this is all committee decisions. My feeling about committees, I love the old saying that a camel is a horse designed by a committee. You sort of get there in the end, which is what we are doing, but it could have been a lot better.Grant Shapps[0:03:24] We have had to consult the scientists, ask for the chief medical officer's best advice, ask the experts from SAGE and a group who modelled all of this. It is not like it was all invented from nowhere. They showed us at each stage, if we do these things, this is what we would expect to happen from the response from the virus. I think the British people have been through so much, it has been such a long year, we do not want to blow it now. On 12 April, at the earliest, hopefully it will be then, we can get the outdoor hospitality going, including pubs and venues.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:04] Jeremy.
Jeremy King[0:04:06] I think the question is appropriate. We have no clarity. The frustration in the hospitality industry is we don't know where we stand. Just as we were talking about sitting on a park bench outside a pub, why is it I can order a coffee and go to a beauty salon on the 12 April, yet I can't order one in a restaurant on the 17 May? We've proven, the government has admitted, that we're safer than almost any environment.Tony Danker [0:06:52] It is wise we go slow enough to avoid the stop start. But if you are in the hospitality or aviation or live events sector, it's not good news, so the budget has to tackle that.
Fiona Bruce [0:07:06] Let's hear from the audience. James, I'll come back to you in a minute. Colette.
Audience Member 3 [0:07:12] I would like to clarify something. I have beauty salons, we have both been treated incredibly disproportionately. You can't get a drink in a beauty salon. Secondly, I think we share the same frustration in business. We are chomping at the bit to get back into business. The reason for that is because there's absolutely inadequate government support. We have been secluded from grants. Many councils are not putting through grants for businesses. The permanent care sector has been secluded from VAT cuts. We have the issue where we are secluded from government aid. All James is looking for, quite rightly, business needs to give employees answers. We need to budget and plan. We are running out of cash fast and we don't want to hear from the government again of what their financial matters are or how many loans we can get.Tony Danker[0:21:52] We missed the fact that automatic movement is missing, what we're all missing is the fact that if the chancellor comes forward with a few months of support, and I hope and believe he will, whether we get any demand into our businesses in the next 6 months, whether or not people are going to come back to pubs is the business reality. So let's not get too divided on this one. We have a roadmap, it is a reasonable roadmap, I think support has been generous. All I think I would ask, Grant, is the government tries a bit harder to get inside the business decision-making of firms because the truth is, before next Wednesday some firms will take a decision to pack up. I think we could have avoided that. We could have aligned the chancellor's announcement with the prime minister's. Let's stay connected on this, get inside the mind of the business person and the way they make decisions.Jeremy King[0:16:44] I know this is about reciprocal nations and so on, and nobody likes reciprocal nation, but I think it is church I can't think, reciprocal things be of the past is that it can help us enforce that things are done better in the future. This is what we need now. The budget, as James says, is crucial to us.
Fiona Bruce[0:17:04] Grant.
Grant Shapps[0:17:08] We are desperate to open everything up. You call it decision by committee but the reality is you have to weigh up the extent to which people have sacrificed, staying inside. We tried to open up, we got the new variant. This is not a straightforward, simple decision from one perspective. James, you said a couple of times I haven't answered your question. I want to give it another go. People sitting on a bench outside, two people drinking a coffee is, I'm afraid, very, very different -- and there's a pile of evidence, Jeremy as well, that when you are indoors that is how it spreads much, much more easy. All the scientists say this.Audience Member 3[0:08:12] I think, apparently, we have the worst death rates per capita internationally yet our financial stimulus package, compared to other countries by GDPR is the third lowest. Quite frankly, it is time the government said what they would do at the beginning, which was we will do whatever it takes. If you are listening, whatever it takes, if you want business to open, you have to back business. We cannot save jobs unless you give us funding.
Audience Member 4[0:08:50] I have my point would be that it sends the wrong message out. I really, you know, feel sorry for James and other like him. Actually, as a layperson that isn't in the industry, the message the government is sending out is that somehow it is less safe because that's why you have to wait longer. The problem, therefore, will be even when you do open, people will perhaps not be as willing to go to restaurants as they used to. So you need to actually realise it is about confidence, and the confidence you instill in the public. Your answer to Grant was not very good, if you don't mind me saying, because you didn't deal with the question.Anneliese Dodds[0:10:42] Anybody who says this is going to be simple and easy, particularly for hospitality, has got that wrong. I did empathise a lot with what people have said, also for the beauty industry as well. This has been an incredibly difficult time. They worked hard to make their facilities owe.Fiona Bruce[0:11:00] You wouldn't let them open earlier.Anneliese Dodds[0:11:04] Unless the data indicates that is safe. I want to underline a point. We saw the change in restrictions being announced about a week ago now, yet again we didn't hear what support was going to be available for those businesses that were affected. It is now, what, the fifth time that happens and a particular timeline given for them but no indication about what support is going to be available. Colette brought attention to the gaps that still exist, particularly self-employed people who have been left out. We need to recover from this crisis strongly. That means businesses like the ones we have been hearing from need to be supported so they can keep going, take extra people on, get the economy firing again, secure the recovery. That's what we need to see.Fiona Bruce[0:14:10] Jeremy, you wanted to come back in.
Jeremy King[0:14:16] I think it is a point well made. I think it is the cost, not just financially but on people. I think we have to put hospitality in perspective. Direct hospitality accounts for over 3 million employees in this country, we're the third highest employer. It's a regional spread of 11 percent of all employees are in the hospitality business. What's really significant for a really blighted generation is that 50 percent are in the age of 18 to 24. That's where all the redundancies are coming. We already lost 650,000 people from the catering industry in 2020. There's going to be at least another 350,000. The number of people like a powder keg sitting on a furlough. We're running the universal credit scheme on behalf of the government.
Fiona Bruce[0:15:18] Are you persuaded at all when you hear the scientists talk about the risk of indoor settings, the risk of infections ticking up as they did, slowly, but they did begin to tick up over the summer as indoor venues and hospitality began to open. Does that not give pause?Fiona Bruce[0:19:44] There's a lot of shaking heads from our audience; Anneliese.

Anneliese Dodds[0:19:50] One question to Grant. Why can't your government announce earlier whether things like the business rates holiday will be continued or the furlough will be continued? It feels like you left this off until the budget to have that big political event. The problem is for these business people, they are trying to say to their employees whether they can keep them on, whether they are going to be in work in the next few months. They can't do that when they don't have the certainty.

Grant Shapps[0:20:20] All the support remains.

Anneliese Dodds[0:20:22] Not before next Wednesday, but it ends, for example, before some of it -- some of that support ends before businesses -- let me finish. If I may finish. Nothing ends before next Wednesday, but if you run a business, a pub or a restaurant, you can't be, you know, speedily changing decisions in a matter of days. The support does end, some of it, before indoor hospitality is allowed to open according to the roadmap. That is giving people like this an enormous headache.Grant Shapps [0:17:48] When I speak to the chief medical officer, it is the first thing they say, outdoor is much safer than indoor. Once you introduce alcohol into it as well, once you introduce more people into it, unfortunately -- these things all add up. Jo is right in a sense that a lot of the time you could say we could do A, B or C and what's the logic between them. The answer is you have to make a distinction somewhere. Our distinction is we think schools should go back first. That does use up a bit of the budget for the R, the reproduction rate. We could say we'll send hospitality back first, but we won't send schools back. That would be the wrong thing to do. wrong thing to do. Listening to this conversation, I know how frustrating it is, we want to open up, but we have been providing 280 billion pounds of support so far in the hospitality sector, the VAT cut, which I take James' point, if you are not earning, it is not the be all and end all.Fiona Bruce[0:13:02] James.
Audience Member 5[0:13:04] Look, I think Grant is fine saying what he said. He has not really answered my question. I have six seats on a kerb. I don't have a sprawling Mediterranean terrace. I'm sick of waiting one or two days for Richi Sunac to announce the right thing, now I have to wait a week. That anxiety is unfair. We shouldn't have to wait for a budget. The Panel have said things I agree with. I want the correct support between now and when I'm supposed to open. You know, why do my one-off grants have to last me longer than the retail sector, yet they have opened first both times? Okay, someone could chime in and say I've had a VAT cut. 15 percent VAT saving on zero turnover. It is zero savings. Extend it now in good faith. Where's my job retention bonus? I already spent it, and I spent it paying my team.Audience Member 7[0:24:04] It would give the public certainty, it would give them the chance to go back into pubs and restaurants, back into salons, even schools. More importantly, it would satisfy one of the other issues we have, which is that insurers are not covering businesses right now. So absolutely 100 percent, I would love to see it.Fiona Bruce[0:24:28] You would very much like to see vaccine passports. Jeremy, is this something you would like to see, that people have something to say they had the vaccine before they come in?Jeremy King[0:24:42] Nobody has to go to a restaurant, nobody has to get on an aeroplane. In many ways it is a luxury, but I think it is something very important if we are going to break through on the safety rule. I feel that we need more than just the practicalities of life. In hospitality, it is about the conviviality of community. I think people will appreciate it.Grant Shapps [0:18:46] But there is a scheme paying the majority of rates while this is going on, the majority of furlough while this is going on. So staff aren't being paid. And you talk about you want Rishi Sunak to come out and say now you have this roadmap, which is a specific set of data, and if the data comes to plan, dates as well. So you know the date you will be able to open on the outside, 12 April. But the support is already in place because the support has not ended when the prime minister announced the roadmap. You only have to wait until next Wednesday to get the full detail from the budget as well. There is no magic solution to this. That's what I'm trying to say. We are doing our best. Weighing up the different competing issues to do with people's health, not getting back into this as well, which won't be any good for James or Jeremy's restaurants, and doing it the best way we can. There is no perfect solution, I'm the first to say that.Fiona Bruce[0:22:44] Grant, I know you want to come in. You've had a lot of time. I'm going to take a question from Colette Osborne.
Audience Member 6[0:22:54] Why not vaccine passports to allow businesses to ensure COVID safety when entering indoor venues?
Fiona Bruce[0:23:04] So you run a hair dressing salon, don't you, Colette? Is that what you would like.
Audience Member 7[0:23:14] I represent 11 hair salons across the country. Our normal practice is we are very safe, we are very clean. It is part of our training. If the government -- you know, we do need something like this. We're being told to have COVID safe certificates in our window, we're spending tens of thousands on all the PPE equipment. So, yes, actually, I think it is absolutely the right thing so we can protect the interests of our employees and our clients and people know they are going to a COVID-safe environment. Indoor is safer than outdoor, some indoor venues are on a medical basis. You can have people sitting cheek-to-cheek on a park bench, yet are we saying hospitals are not safe because they are indoors. There's all kinds of things here. But, absolutely, I think it is the right way to go.Anneliese Dodds[0:20:50] I'm sure you have, as well, with respect, Grant, and I wish be your government would put its mindset into the position of some of these businesses rather than being driven by politics.Grant Shapps[0:21:02] I think you're the one who is playing politics with this. The idea that we can't wait until next Wednesday to have a full budget which is part 2 of this and actually sets out all the detail behind this roadmap -- I mean, if you ever became chancellor, are you saying you're not going to have budgets in order to do these things? Of course it is the right way to don't it.Fiona Bruce[0:21:22] Tony.Tony Danker[0:21:26] I believe it is the prime minister and the government's decision to weigh up these factors. I think the support package from the chancellor has been generous to date. I think the thing the government is missing -- and you can understand why, they are managing a significant crisis, they don't understand business decision-making, the timescales of it. We miss the fact that hospitality missed its golden quarter in the last quarter of the year.Fiona Bruce[0:26:10] Anneliese, what is Labour's position?
Anneliese Dodds[0:26:12] This is not a simple issue. That has been summed up in what Jeremy said. I think there are risks in all different directions around this. Obviously, there are major practicalities. There are those ethical issues as well and equality issues. I have to say, personally, to me the most important thing, that is obscured a bit about this debate, is about the speed of vaccination.
Fiona Bruce[0:26:36] That isn't the question. The question is should there be a vaccine passport to allow businesses to ensure COVID safety when entering indoor venues? Do you have a position on that?
Anneliese Dodds[0:26:48] If we don't see people being vaccinated at speed, then it will be very unfair because the young people we just mentioned wouldn't be able to have that. We have said, for example, we would have wanted the vaccination to go much more quickly so we could have had vaccinated over the half term. We did state that. We believe there could have been capacity to deliver that. There are examples of different facilities that said they could have been involved in that vaccination effort.Fiona Bruce[0:27:16] What's your answer to the question?
Anneliese Dodds[0:27:16] I think we have to be driven by the evidence. I don't think a politician saying black and white, yes, no, on this without having that evidence is credible, to be honest with you. We need to look at this carefully. I'm sure Grant will talk about this, the government have announced a review around this subject. I think that's right. If there is, for example, a system in the future that's introduced, it needs to command public support if it is going to come in. It needs to be credible.
Fiona Bruce[0:27:42] But just to be clear, at the moment you don't have a position whether the vaccine passport to be able to get into businesses, restaurants, for example, you don't have a position whether it is a good or bad idea.
Anneliese Dodds[0:27:54] We need to have the evidence around this. We need to understand more.Grant Shapps[0:34:02] I think all the points have been very well made. What we are going to do is have a look at this and come forward with some recommendations about how it can practically work. What we can say, the more people we can get vaccinated, the better. The one thing we'd all agree on this evening is the speed of the vaccination programme has been tremendous. There's no country in Europe who are anywhere close to the speed -- one of the amazing -- one of the things we're going to have to think about, talking about international travel, is what happens if we are largely vaccinated by the summer, for example, but the places people want to go to are not vaccinated. Another can of worms. So, there are all sorts of questions which is why we set up two task forces, one that Michael Gove will run on the domestic side, and one international which I will run.Tony Danker[0:31:40] The third thing I think everyone is saying is this can't be the new normal. We can't build a society where everybody carries around health cards. This is different from what happened after 9/11. This would be useful and welcomed if it would help in the short run. The only thing I would say, and I think this is for Michael Gove in his review, you have to talk to people on the frontline to make it happen. We saw with supermarkets when it came to masks, mask wearing, that was incredibly difficult to operate. So I do think if we're going to -- I realise there are ethical issues, but before you get to that, let's make sure this is implementable. Let's get talking to people on this call working in restaurants and hair salons, about how to do it, make sure we could do it, then if it helps in the short run, it is definitely work worth a look.Fiona Bruce[0:32:42] We had a vaccines minister saying it is out the question, but it is not out the question because the government is doing this.Grant Shapps[0:32:50] It's --Fiona Bruce[0:32:54] Two or three weeks ago. Something like that. In a demon is a Hary was saying absolutely not.Fiona Bruce[0:35:00] Another question from Vanessa.
Audience Member 12[0:35:02] Good evening. Matt Hancock claimed there never was a national PPE shortage during the pandemic. I find this quite disrespectful to all the healthcare workers that have been fighting for their safety during the pandemic. So can the government explain why they think there were no shortages?
Fiona Bruce[0:35:20] I'll let you catch your breath, Grant. Anneliese?
Anneliese Dodds[0:35:26] I think it has been very difficult to explain why there were no shortages because we know there were shortages. I know that myself from having talked to health professionals, people who were deeply frustrated, who were actually in some cases quite frightened, to be honest with you, about the working situation. They were at that frontline. I think it is deeply disappointing that we don't have the openness about what went wrong. Somebody mentioned earlier -- I can't remember who it was -- it was Jeremy, who said we need to learn from what happened during this crisis. We need to understand, you know, when there were those problems with supply, how we can make sure that we don't end up in that position again. I think that's critically important. Let's be honest about this. Let's learn from those at the frontline so we can ensure they have what they need into the future.Fiona Bruce [0:41:26] Bethany?Audience Member 14[0:41:30] I think that we should be ashamed to have Matt Hancock as a health secretary. I think he has been repeatedly disrespectful to everyone in the health and care sector. Colleagues have died, been unwell, because of shortages. Whether people tried to access PPE or not is not the point but the fact there was a shortage and he has ignored that and been disrespectful to a whole sector that he is in charge of is disgraceful.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:56] Becky, you work in the NHS as well.
Audience Member 15[0:41:58] Yes. I think this just speaks to a broader point as not being able to acknowledge when mistakes have been made. I think that Matt Hancock could really learn from the health and care sector. We have systems of learning and safety cultures embedded that we're constantly trying to improve. We're trying to acknowledge when mistakes have been made and learn from them. We are all fallible, we are human beings. We will make mistakes. It was difficult for every single country. By not acknowledging that -- I understand it is politically difficult to say I made a mistake, but we're going to have to start doing that because that's the only way we will get better as a country.Fiona Bruce [0:29:16] If it was their choice not because they were ineligible for a vaccine but because they chose not to have it, you would find that ethically unacceptable?
Audience Member 9 [0:29:26] Yes. You can't coerce people to have treatments they don't want. Whether it is for public good or not, it is coercion. It's unfair.
Fiona Bruce [0:29:34] Becky?
Audience Member 10 [0:29:34] So just to completely agree with that. I think it would be immoral to force people to be vaccinated when they don't want to be. I also work in healthcare. I've had my vaccine and I would strongly encourage every single person who gets the letter to go have the vaccine, but there's something about understanding the reasons why people aren't having the vaccine and encouraging, supporting and educating as opposed to penalising people. I agree it would deepen inequality where you have a two-tier system. Also, on a practical basis, the viability of it. You know, how would it work? I just -- I see that it might be open to abuse and exploitation. I just don't think the investment of a system like that is worth what we would get off the back of it. I think it would lead to inequality.Grant Shapps[0:33:00] Let's talk about the future. We have over a third of the population vaccinated now. It is a real question. All the points raised have been very good. When you open it up it is a can of worms. It is moral, ethical issues, practicalities, which is why we set up the task force to look at it. We expect if government is not involved, not having the discussion, businesses would try to go off and do their own things. What happens to somebody who, for medical reasons, can't have it, to younger people who won't get this for a while, to children -- the vaccine has not even been trialed on children yet, so are we saying they can't access those services? It is true to say this needs to be about testing as well as vaccines. Then, of course, how does it work for international travel? I'm running a separate task force on international global travel task force to work out what we do there. When we travel internationally to certain countries you have to show a yellow fever card. So there are precedents for this. It is a minefield.Fiona Bruce[0:30:28] Steve.
Audience Member 11[0:30:32] It already exists in a way. I'm lucky to have had my first vaccination. When you get the vaccination you get a little card with the details of the date and time of the vaccination. Now, assuming that my situation is not unique, then it probably means that the majority of people have already had such a document. Now, business owners can decide at their own whim whether or not to serve people. If they choose to take action if you can't show proof you had a vaccination, they are entitled to do that. So the point is, really, a vaccines passport almost existed all right.
Fiona Bruce[0:31:16] Tony, what's the view of the CBI on this?
Tony Danker[0:31:20] I asked about 200 businesses about this this week. This is what I have learned. It could just be for vaccination, it should also include testing. I think that will take care of some of the timing thing. I agree with Jeremy, I don't think it is quite the coercion issue, because we are talking about voluntary activities. It shouldn't be true for compulsory activities.Fiona Bruce[0:37:02] You have doctors wearing bin liners and ski goggles, you have the Royal Head of Nursing saying this is deeply insulting, nurses were put in harm's way because they couldn't access proper protection. You have doctors' association applying because they didn't have enough. Are you saying he is right, that there wasn't a national shortage of PPE?Grant Shapps[0:37:28] Let me answer the question and get the whole thing out. First of all, the entire world was scrambling to get PPE.Fiona Bruce[0:37:34] We know that.Grant Shapps[0:37:36] Let me finish the point. We didn't have a domestic manufacturing base for this country in PPE. Now we are producing 70 per cent of the PPE right here. We delivered 32 billion pieces of PPE. Were we having to work very hard.Fiona Bruce[0:37:52] No, the question is was Matt Hancock right that there never was a national PPE shortage? That's the question.Fiona Bruce[0:39:10] Jo.
Jo Grady[0:39:16] I don't understand why we are making excuses for Matt Hancock's willful amnesia or willful misremembering of what happened last year. There was insufficient PPE in hospitals. There was frequently the adoption of a two-tier system who got it, there were surgeons, care workers, nurses, reusing PPE. There were examples of hospitals using PPE ten years out of date. Some of the lowest paid, insecurely paid people, literally the ones holding iPads while we had to watch our loved ones on Zoom not having access to PPE. The idea we are all taken by surprise, couldn't accommodate this, when that is years and decades of underfunding of our NHS is an insult to anybody who provides care who works in that sector or associated industries. It would be so much nicer if we could just apologise to those people, acknowledge what happened, and not give contracts to our mates who don't have any experience in providing PPE. That would be a great start.
Fiona Bruce[0:40:20] Okay. Obviously the government denies that is in fact what happened in terms of contracts.Fiona Bruce[0:42:46] Jeremy.
Jeremy King[0:42:48] It is really interesting that we've had a proliferation around the world of what I call narcisstic denial, that if we shout loud enough that something didn't happen people will imagine it didn't. I feel the old saying that success has many parents and failure is an orphan is very prevalent at the moment. Before we move away from vaccinations one of the great successes, who everybody is taking the credit for is Kate Bingham. She didn't have any vaccines available, just like there was no PPE, but with amazing, amazing resilience she managed to make one of the great successes of this awful pandemic is the rollout of the vaccination programme and doesn't get the credit for it. I long for a time when people will admit their mistakes. We are all human. I'm just very disappointed that there was a denial.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:48] Tony.
Tony Danker[0:43:52] I'm going to be a very boring business person on this one. I think this might be a bit more boring --
Fiona Bruce[0:43:56] Please don't be boring.
Tony Danker[0:44:00] Now I've created the right expectations. I think what there wasn't was an oversupply of PPE which is what you need if everybody is going to be able to access it.Fiona Bruce[0:36:16] This is the first time you reached for your notes. I wonder if this is a tricky question.Grant Shapps[0:36:22] No, I wanted to quote from something I read. NHS providers said we were always able to get what we needed in time.Fiona Bruce[0:36:28] The National Audit Office said that was not the report from frontline staff.Grant Shapps[0:36:34] Let me follow up on that. If you think about the way the virus got going and the entire world was looking to get PPE.Fiona Bruce[0:36:42] We all know it was difficult, there was a global shortage. You don't need to tell us that. Matt Hancock claimed there was never a national PPE shortage during the pandemic. Do you think he was right?Grant Shapps[0:36:50] I think what he was saying was quoting from NHS providers.Fiona Bruce[0:36:54] Was he right? That's the question.Grant Shapps[0:36:58] Yes. Because the NHS providers said they were always able to get it.Fiona Bruce[0:40:26] There's a few medics in our audience. I want to hear from you.
Audience Member 13[0:40:34] I'm sympathetic to Grant's reasoning as to why it was difficult to get enough PPE. But, again, that doesn't answer the question. The question was, was there a shortage? There was a shortage. Your entire answer was explaining why it was difficult to get it and why there was a shortage. But you have to acknowledge there was a shortage. Yes, it was difficult to get it but I know colleagues, personally, who were in unprotected situations that got COVID. I have family friends, colleagues, who are medics who died from COVID having not had PPE. For you to sit there and say there was no shortage is grossly insulting. I would much rather you said: This is really hard. It's really hard for us to have got the PPE yes, therefore we weren't able to get it all and there was a shortage. We can then understand that rather than you denying the fact that there was a shortage.Fiona Bruce[0:47:26] Let's take a question from Stephanie pits.
Audience Member 16[0:47:30] Why do the government think that summer schools are a good way for students to catch up? Especially disadvantaged students.
Fiona Bruce[0:47:38] Stephanie, you are a business manager at a secondary school. This is a new announcement about summer schools. Do you think it would be a good idea?
Audience Member 16[0:47:50] I think the problem with it is that certainly for disadvantaged students, they are not going to take up the opportunity. The EEF did a pilot. I think about 50 percent didn't take up the opportunity. I think there are other ways. I think school leaders know their cohorts, their communities, and I think they are best placed to decide how to do the catchup.
Fiona Bruce[0:48:18] You think just leave it up to the schools?
Audience Member 16[0:48:20] Yes. I think they should make the decisions. They know their community, they know their students.Fiona Bruce[0:44:10] You don't think there was a shortage?

Tony Danker[0:44:14] I think there was a shortage by definition because there wasn't enough in the place it needed to be all the time. This is like stocking supermarkets across the country. We're going to need 1 million loaves of bread and we'll spread this to them. You need 2 million if there's going to be a million bought. I'm sorry, it's a much more boring answer, but what's going on here is people are sitting centrally saying we have enough stock for what the country needs but that doesn't mean every hospital has enough supply. To Jeremy's point about the vaccine, what we have now is an oversupply of vaccine. We have people at the end of the day who are trying to get rid of vaccines with volunteers. What we didn't have with PPE, it seems to me, is the necessary oversupply of PPE. So it is disingenuous to say mathematically that we have enough. If you haven't enough in every part of the country, you haven't got enough. I think this might be a maths story rather than anything too much more sinister than that.Jo Grady[0:49:30] I think just to use the university and college setting, the expansion of blended learning, which is online and in-person, has already meant that people are at burn-out. The idea that people have a second or third or fourth shift to give during the summer when they are exhausted is not going to happen. If the government does want catch-up teaching prioritised in any sector, they need to be clear about what needs to be deprioritised. to do more if they don't de-prioritise and additionally fund.Fiona Bruce[0:50:06] Tony, you have a couple of boys. Do you think they would work at summer school?Tony Danker[0:50:14] I think we're all going to be doing catch-up in various stages of education and learning in the next few years. We're going to have people arriving in universities who haven't had the right education.Tony Danker[0:50:32] We are going to have to have universities trying to help them catch up. We are going to have people supposedly leaving college qualifications not fully trained going into the workplace. We are going to have graduates going into the workplace not quite ready. I think we are all going to be in the catch-up industry. I think, yes, of course, there are people who have had a far worse experience, we should be prioritising them but it is going to be true through every place and one of the effects of the last two years.Fiona Bruce[0:51:06] Beatrice, you are at school. You are in the sixth form. What do you think?Audience Member 19[0:51:10] I think that it is so crucial that children are given a break this summer. There has been so much pressure on young people during this pandemic. Then to take this break away from them, I think would just be devastating.Fiona Bruce[0:45:20] Grant, I must let you reply. Narcissistic denial, which is is new one on Question Time. Disingenuous, insulting, just not true.
Grant Shapps[0:45:34] I think that was to math.
Fiona Bruce[0:45:36] You are here for the government, I'm afraid. You've copped it.
Grant Shapps[0:45:42] We're starting from a position where we delivered 32 billion pieces of PPE. We're at the other end of the crisis. A year ago, if we had been sitting here, just beginning to hear about the coronavirus thing, for years this country had not invested in doing testing so we couldn't test for this, we hadn't invested in making PPE, so 1 percent of our PPE was being made in this country. I don't want to sit here and say, oh it was all easy. We didn't, day in, day out, we were battling to make sure there was enough PPE in the hospitals and in the care homes, who we never had to supply before. And we were in that position worldwide, globally, with every other country. Now, the audience and people listening are right to say why didn't Britain work this out before the --Fiona Bruce[0:55:00] Anneliese, summer schools, raised by Steph there, is that something you support?
Anneliese Dodds[0:55:06] We do feel there needs to be a lot of support for children to catch up. I mean, on average, they've lost -- what? -- over 100 days in schools, many of them. The summer school programme, as I understand it, it is going to be covering 1 in 3 children who received free school meals. This is a small scheme for those who might be keen on attending in the first place. I just think the government has this one wrong. I don't think they are facing up to the scale of the challenge.Audience Member 19[0:51:26] I've seen, you know, awful effects on mental health from my family who are at school, my friends. It has been so difficult. And I think it is all well and good, Jo, saying that teachers need a break. These are young, developing minds, it is a million times worse for them. If we are talking about the implications of adults and their mental health, think about the children. I think it is important that these things are done individually. Most people have had different issues that have shaped them. I think that trying to roll out the same thing for everyone doesn't work, especially when it is young people because everyone leads such different lives and everyone learns so differently. It is not a one size fits all.Jo Grady [0:48:30] I'm going to endorse the point that listening to professionals is vital to anything that happens going forward. I think with regard to the exact question, I think catch-up is a bit of a distraction, particularly for schools, particularly colleges and universities. Learning never stops, work never stops, we don't close in the summer. There's all sorts of preparation. The idea that people stop working and can invest time in catch-up is, in itself, problematic. To address the question, if there's going to be funding made available, and this will cost money, disadvantaged children taking part in play, in sports, funding for meal clubs, all of the things that families, teachers, children have been asking for I think is what will be crucial in the summer, not some idea of catch-up to pass SATs or pass exams and chanelling money where it is needed and engaging professionals in those conversations, not dictating to them yet more demands on their time.Anneliese Dodds[0:55:36] People might have seen the Institute for Fiscal Studies released a report that indicated the long-term impact of this period on children. The fact that if it does have that educational impact, that will carry right through into adulthood, into what they might earn during their lifetime. That's not the only thing we look for from education, but it is going to be significant for them. So, looking at this from an economic point of view, I am concerned about that impact on our children. I don't feel the government has sufficient ambition for those children, given what they have been through. I think so far this alleged catch-up plan, it really isn't a plan. It is not a long-term plan to be bringing those children and young people up to the stage where they need to be.Fiona Bruce[0:57:14] We all need to get our haircut. I speak for myself. Jim.Audience Member 22[0:57:18] I think it is disingenuous for Anneliese to say that children have lost 100 days. It is disingenuous to the children who have been working really hard remotely -- those children that have been able to, and there's quite a few of them. It is disingenuous to the teachers who have been trying to make it happen for them, and it is disingenuous to the parents who have been helping them as well.Anneliese Dodds [0:56:22] You know, Jo is right, we can't squeeze more out of the existing system. We need to provide the resource, and it will be worth it in the longer term because not doing that will mean that whole cohorts of children and young people will have been left behind, to an extent.
Fiona Bruce [0:56:40] Will.
Audience Member 21 [0:56:40] I couldn't agree more. Three or four weeks summer holiday, schooling, it's a drop in the ocean. It is not going to do anything. It has to be a much longer-term thing here. To back what my fellow audience members have said, this summer is surely about the kids getting out, enjoying themselves, being with their friends, hugging their grandparents, going to pubs and restaurants, getting their hair cut. They need that break as much as everyone else.
Grant Shapps[0:54:12] Because for other groups, although it has been horrendous, and it has been, for children, it is such a formative time. I recognise what Beatrice was saying. It's exactly how my kids feel about it.Fiona Bruce[0:54:24] Jeremy?Jeremy King[0:54:26] I feel strongly that what the children need is occupation, stimulation, caring, loving, to find a way through -- to escape the year they've had. If summer school is purely about catching up in order to catch up for exams, I'm heartily opposed to it. Some of the most brilliant people I know have failed themselves terribly. It is not about passing exams. We should move away from the system of doing it. There's much more to it.Fiona Bruce[0:53:20] Not a total thumbs up we're getting here. I'm sure there are some who support it, but it is interesting what we're hearing.
Grant Shapps[0:53:30] I had it with my own twins, doing their A-levels, and they weren't enamoured of the idea. But they are also desperate to get back to more structured learning. I think the question has come up because the education secretary being announced 7 million pounds of which 200 million is about how we can do catch-up, perhaps in certain years at key moments, some of which could be during the summer. There are other parts to that, tutoring programmes, mentoring programmes. It is part of a package to try to get the children who have lost out, probably more than any other single group during this crisis.Fiona Bruce[0:52:24] Sam, you have five kids. So are you desperate to get them to summer school?
Audience Member 20[0:52:32] No. Summer is summer. It's our summer. No, I mean, they have been put under enough pressure with all the home learning, parents have been put under a lot of pressure, and teachers as well. I think we all deserve that six weeks of fun time. My two eldest boys who are year 11 and year 13 have been stuck in that bedroom 6 hours a day, five days a week. You know, putting in extra lessons, no, I don't think it is fair. The same with my two youngest. You know, I don't mind if it's an after-school thing a couple of times a week, maybe, during term time, but not during the summer. I just think it is so unfair. No.Audience Member 22[0:57:42] I have two children. When you say to them you lost all your school time, they get upset about it because they have been working hard. It is this thing about them having lost all this education; what they have lost is time with other children. They've lost that time to be children with other children. If there's anything that's going to happen over the summer, then it should be allowing children to be with other children and learning about being with other children. Having fun.Fiona Bruce[0:46:38] They were saying there was a shortage.
Grant Shapps[0:46:40] I vaguely picked up on the health sector comments. I think he was quoting NHS providers rather than himself saying that. Probably the point is about getting it to the right place. Help that was given to us by the army to get it there. It was a national effort to get there. At the other end of this crisis we can see that now we don't complain. My father has just been in hospital. We had that conversation on the iPad. None of the doctors are saying now --
Fiona Bruce[0:47:08] I'm not entirely sure that answers the question.
Grant Shapps[0:47:12] None of the doctors are saying now they don't have the PPE. When I spoke to the doctors, they are saying they have the best PPE.
Fiona Bruce[0:47:22] I have given you my best shot to get you to answer, I'm not sure I succeeded.Audience Member 4[0:09:32] You muffled over it, talked about something completely different. None of us are saying we should throw caution to the wind, we just don't understand how one situation is unsafe, which seems to be just as safe as another situation, which actually might be more unsafe. So people won't follow rules or won't be inclined to follow rules if they don't make sense. You have to explain the science because it doesn't make sense to me as a doctor and as an academic from the University of Oxford. To me it doesn't make sense. You need to be able to explain it and you need to also instill confidence in the public that when you do open these sectors, that's the right time to open it and why you are delaying sectors in certain ways.
Fiona Bruce[0:10:16] Anneliese, Labour are supporting the government as far as the timing of the unlocking is concerned, despite the real things we are hearing. You think it is right to delay?
Anneliese Dodds[0:10:32] We think it is important that the approach is driven by the data, that we make sure this is the last lockdown that we have, we don't see an imposition of restrictions afterwards.Jeremy King[0:25:06] I do know and understand the concerns about civil liberties when it comes to COVID vaccines, but one of the things I do like about it, it's very egalitarian, the great successes of the vaccine programme is it doesn't matter who you are, how much money you have, whatever, you have a right. And it is one of the purest examples. I would love to see the passports used. I don't want to force anybody to have a vaccine, though.
Fiona Bruce[0:25:36] When it comes to who is having the vaccine, Jeremy, younger people are going to get it much later on so you have the UK Hospitality Association saying it's not workable because young people won't be vaccinated until the autumn so they won't have a certificate to come into a restaurant like yours.Jeremy King[0:25:56] Absolutely. That is always going to be the shortcomings of it. But this is only for a short period. It could be the way through. I'm not advocating as such, I'm not against it.Fiona Bruce[0:28:00] Jo.
Jo Grady[0:28:04] I have two reservations. As a customer, you might think it is fine. I have two reservations. One is about workers, the extent to whether workers will be compelled, coerced, to have a vaccine when they don't want to. But my primary concern, and I worry this has happened a lot during the pandemic, is we're always looking for a quick solution, for a shortcut, for the next fix, when what we need to do is get on top of the virus, as close to a zero state as possible. So I have lots of empathy with business owners who would like this to enable their customers to feel safe, but there's a sting in the tail for workers here, particularly in terms of hospitality and getting people back in.
Fiona Bruce[0:28:52] Bethany. What would you like to say?
Audience Member 8[0:28:56] I work in healthcare and I encourage every patient I meet to get their COVID vaccine, but the idea of a passport is ethically unacceptable. You you cannot have two tiers of society, one group who can go out and enjoy themselves, the others who have to stay inside. I think the moral dilemma that creates is awful.Grant Shapps[0:37:58] With the exception of isolated cases, we managed to get the PPE there. I'm trying to answer this as honestly as possible for you. It wasn't a satisfactory situation that we didn't have domestic production, everybody was trying to get the same PPE. We were prepared for a flu pandemic, different types of PPE. Only a fool would say you wouldn't look back on this and say there are things we wished we had, pieces of equipment we had, and if it was starting again from today we would have it, not least because we're manufacturing here.Fiona Bruce[0:38:28] Just to be clear, you think he was right to say that there wasn't a national PPE shortage?Grant Shapps[0:38:34] I think he was quoting from the NHS providers, or from the chair of the Public Accounts Committee who said that this was a benchmark for procurement exercise in getting PPE. 32 billion pieces of PPE.Fiona Bruce[0:38:52] Okay. You are saying he is right?Grant Shapps[0:38:54] Remember this. The government has never, ever been responsible for providing PPE to the care sector. The government actually managed to complete the purchase so that the care sector was receiving it as well in addition to all the hospitals.Fiona Bruce[0:03:30] Our first question tonight is from Becky Pierce.
AudienceMember 20210318QT01[0:03:36] Sexism, harassment and violence against women continues to present a real and devastating threat to our safety and ultimately to our lives. When we will we learn that this is a problem for society and not a problem for women?Fiona Bruce[0:03:52] Becky, we are all absorbing the news about 32 year old Sara Everard who went missing last week. Are you asking this question from personal experience, Becky?
AudienceMember 20210318QT02[0:04:04] I am, but also I don't think I know a single woman in my life who hasn't been sexually harassed or experienced some kind of negative attention be it from men, which is really, really saddening. It is just so common. It has almost become accepted. I think that women face real restrictions in their lives and what they can do.AudienceMember 20210318QT02[0:04:30] Even simply things like being able to go out and exercise. You have to think about the time of day, where you go, whether it is an isolated place. There's many ways in which women face these restrictions. We need to stop telling women to be more careful. What we need to start doing is tell men to stop attacking them and really, really change the story on it.Fiona Bruce[0:04:52] Bonny.Bonnie Greer[0:04:54] Becky, I think there are three levels that this works at. The short term, and I would say the short term as an emergency measure, women have to be in charge. We have to have a woman, three women, I would say, dedicated to this with the powers to bring people to justice. This has to be done immediately.Bonnie Greer[0:05:20] We have to have women in place at the highest levels in our media, in government --
Fiona Bruce[0:05:30] We have a female Home Secretary, of course.
Bonnie Greer[0:05:36] I want to talk about an attitude, too, okay? Where a woman is clear -- I'm not saying the Home Secretary isn't -- but I think we need not someone doing other things, we need a dedicated person to this issue. Especially someone in your generation, because your generation isn't going to take it any more. And so what we do need are these women in place in the long run. And what they begin to do is they educate, especially the younger generations, boys particularly, to understand and learn how to respect women. In doing that, they respect themselves. This is a five or ten year emergency situation, dedicated. Then I think we can begin to sort of see it level out.Fiona Bruce[0:06:26] Mims, when will we learn this is a society with society, not with women. In terms of government, what can the government do?
Mims Davies[0:06:36] We have a new bill coming into The House which we're going to be debating. It is about safety on our streets. In that will actually be something I worked on when I was sports minister around safeguarding 16, 17 years old making sure they are safe.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:54] Making women feel safe on the street is --
AudienceMember 20210318QT03[0:07:00] Going out walking, everyday things where you have to think twice about your route, who have you told, those kind of things. She is absolutely right. Today, International Women's day debate in the chamber it was really good that many of these challenges were taken on front and centre.AudienceMember 20210318QT05[0:07:22] I would like to say to Sara's family and anybody who has lost someone tragically -- at the moment it is a disappearance, unexplained -- they are waiting for news. This is absolutely horrendous. We know it happened to too many families. I think Becky is right, we are fed up with it.Fiona Bruce[0:07:40] Realistically, what can people do?AudienceMember 20210318QT06[0:07:46] Cressida Dick was right to say this is rare in terms of something happening and reassuring this is taken seriously as the statement, today, of course, from the Home Secretary Priti Patel. Our safeguarding minister to Bonnie's point is Victoria Atkins. She is determined to protect women. And there's a bill going through The House at the moment which is focused on domestic violence, making sure women are safe in their homes. My local council has more money. I'm pleased about this. It is an opportunity for a refuge, moving women forward.Steve Reed[0:12:52] I'm aware when I'm walking on the streets at night, if a woman is ahead of me, you should cross the road so I don't alarm somebody by making her feel I'm catching up with her with some wrong intention. We have to be careful that we're not blocking roads women may turn down. All of this is something men need to reflect on. But there's more the government can do too. We heard the Met Police Commissioner say it is incredibly rare for a woman to be abducted from our street, but we heard my colleague Jess Phillips in parliament today saying it is not rare for women to be subject to male violence.Fiona Bruce[0:13:36] Two women die every week at the hands of a male.Fiona Bruce[0:16:46] Dan.
AudienceMember 20210318QT15[0:16:48] Well, I mean, to answer the original question, you know, when are we going to learn, whenever we learn it is going to be too late, isn't it? That's the thing I would take away. With the greatest respect to the lady who -- and I understand her point -- who was saying we all need to be responsible, it is not the responsibility of women to stop being murdered, it is the responsibility of men to stop murdering women. One other thing I would like to say and I think -- we can already see this with the nature of this conversation. I think we'll be talking about this for a long time moving forward, and that's right, but, you know, however we feel -- we all feel and the horror we feel and the pain we feel and the shock we feel at what's happening, I think we all have to remember as we move forward that it is nothing compared to what Sara Everard's family are feeling this morning. I don't want to be in any way crass about this, but we're talking about this in a clinical, policy-driven way about an appalling human event.Fiona Bruce[0:15:16] Is the issue it's not men like you that are the problem. The men who wouldn't be asking those questions.
AudienceMember 20210318QT12[0:15:22] I hope it's not me is the problem.
Fiona Bruce[0:15:26] I'm sure you're not.
AudienceMember 20210318QT13[0:15:28] Certainly women might feel intimidated by me if I have my headphones in, I walk up behind them and they don't know who I am, or I'm jogging past or on my bike. The fear is we live in a society now where most people you walk past are anonymous to you. You'll never see them again. We need to be more courteous to each other in public spaces so everybody feels safer.
Fiona Bruce[0:15:54] Gary.
AudienceMember 20210318QT14[0:15:56] I agree with everything that has been said so far, particularly about the education of people, particularly young men. But also, a very important factor is everybody would feel a lot safer if we had a more visible police presence on our streets. If you go to any major European capital, you see more police on street corners, in squares that are visible. I think it is a reassuring thing to see police on our streets as a form of protection for us all. Unfortunately, I feel in the UK now our police force has become more reactionary. That they respond to telephone calls after an event rather than being visible and being there to protect us, you know, at the moment something happens.Fiona Bruce[0:23:06] It doesn't feel safe to her.AudienceMember 20210318QT18[0:23:08] Yeah, it's just sad.Fiona Bruce[0:23:10] Bonny, it strikes me there are cases every now and again that grab the attention. I'm thinking -- I mean, I've been around a bit and I remember the case of Rachel Nickle, the woman murdered with her child in London. Yet again there was a lot of soul-searching about what can be done, how can women feel safe. Here we are having the same conversation again.Bonnie Greer[0:23:34] I want to say someone who didn't grow up and wasn't born here but I lived here half my life, this is a deeply masculine society at its roots. There are clubs not far from where I live that admit no women. That is a mindset. There are schools where there are no women. I once asked, I think it was Robin Cooke, the late Robin Cooke, I asked why were British men so afraid of women and he said they don't go to school with them. So the idea of educating men is very important -- and little boys. But I go back to the society I was born in. Hardly perfect, but what we had to do was put people in place so people could see.AudienceMember 20210318QT09[0:10:54] Question: I think it is all well and good saying that this is not a problem with all men, which is correct, but I think that the real issue and the real difficulty for women is we don't know which men. And I think that's why a lot of people are -- especially women -- are more cautious.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:16] If a Red Book? Question: I think as a society we need to make sure we respect and protect women, even from a male's perspective. These are our mothers, our wives, our daughters. Ultimately we have to provide an environment where women can flourish better without the shade of men.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:38] Bonnie, I'll come back to you. Steve, listening to this, there are different views, Becky is saying why shouldn't I be able to go running when I want to, then another saying you wouldn't cross a road without looking both ways.Bonnie Greer[0:24:24] / 07 That's how behaviour changes too, by the way -- people have to see people in positions of power. It is not just -- and that's the education. Because we educate ourselves. And I'm saying as a small woman, to go back to the lady who spoke first, all of my life I've had to put my body in a position where I could be snatched off the street or anything happened to me. Violence against women is something that we prepared for. Either we're conscious of it or we're not conscious of it, but we are.Fiona Bruce[0:25:02] I'm going to take another question but before I do, I just wanted to say next week we are going to be in Cardiff -- week after next, sorry. So we will be looking for an audience from there or thereabouts. If you fancy joining us March 25, we'd love it if you came to be part of our audience. Do apply by going to the Question Time website. You can fill in the form there.Victor Adebowale[0:20:36] I think what would be really good is if the government could spend serious money on a public education campaign about the availability of safe spaces but also to start educating men about how to operate, how to use their own spatial awareness to ensure that they are respectful of everyone but particularly of women. I think it is totally unacceptable for any woman to feel unsafe and to have to think twice before leaving their home to take exercise. While my heart goes out to the family of Sara Everard, we must ensure that deaths, and the horrific circumstances in which her family are currently existing, that we learn something, there's a lot of fear out there and we owe it to women with practical things we can do now. I've just suggested a few. Let's do this. Let's start now.
Fiona Bruce[0:21:34] Sam.
AudienceMember 20210318QT16[0:21:34] Hello. Yes, I completely agree. That's exactly what I was going to say. We need to educate boys from quite a young age. You know, getting through to them that that kind of behaviour isn't acceptable.Fiona Bruce[0:09:58] Donna.
AudienceMember 20210318QT08 [0:10:00] I completely agree with Bonnie in the respect that women do need to be in charge to make decisions to change things. However, I have to say today I'm completely dismayed to actually find out that, despite having a first and deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland, both female, that we do not have any specific gender-based violence strategy in place in Northern Ireland. We're the only part of the United Kingdom that don't. I think in 2021 not to have that is dispicable. Last year, the PSNI, it was over a third of crimes that were reported to the PSNI were for domestic abuse).
Fiona Bruce [0:10:48] To the police service of Northern Ireland. Let's hear from some others in the audience.Fiona Bruce[0:19:16] Let me go to Victor.
Victor Adebowale[0:19:24] I think Becky's question was a good question. We had a 27 percent increase in the number of women who have died as a result of domestic violence. That's at the peak of this, this is about women dying on a daily basis. When are we going to learn? There are things we could be doing, government could be doing. The first thing we could do is start educating young boys. We need to start early about how they treat women around them. How they show respect to themselves and women. That's the first thing we need to do.Secondly, we need to start listening to women about what safety feels like, what it looks like and we need to design our public spaces to meet the needs of women. Because if women feel safe, men feel safe. If men feel safe, boys feel safe and if girls feel safe, everybody feels safe. We could do this tomorrow. We should do this. I noted Mims' point about job centres and the fact you can use code words but I don't think enough people know it.Victor Adebowale[0:30:22] In my experience, I would not accuse the Royal Family of racism but I would expect them to lead the conferencing.Fiona Bruce[0:30:36] Sue.AudienceMember 20210318QT19[0:30:38] Thank you. What I would say is I've no idea whether the Royal Family are racist, to be honest, but the matter is that they have come across as racist. The interview with Megan and Harry, I didn't see much of it because the whole thing has been a very embarrassing fiasco. It is just that one member of their family seems to be racist. And I think we should know who.Fiona Bruce[0:31:08] Tony?AudienceMember 20210318QT20[0:31:10] Thank you very much, Fiona. I have been very privileged to meet a number of the members of the Royal Family and I would say straight out, they're absolutely not racist. If anybody took the trouble to watch the programme on the Commonwealth, it was Commonwealth Day on Monday, 8 March, we have a very diverse Commonwealth and several members of the Royal Family appeared on that programme. There's absolutely no doubt in my mind that our Royal Family is not racist.Fiona Bruce[0:31:42] Dan.Dan Hodges[0:31:44] Well, I don't think they're a racist family. I think they may well be quite a dysfunctional family, although that may not be abnormal in that sense.AudienceMember 20210318QT15[0:18:00] I don't want to introduce a discordant note into this, but I've got to say, Mims, that the comments yesterday from your candidate for the mayor of London and the way he is attempting to exploit this, is a disgrace.
Fiona Bruce[0:18:20] Do you want to explain that? Question: Sean Bailey sent out Tweets about, in my view, trying to -- not my view, quite clearly -- trying to politicise this issue.
Fiona Bruce[0:18:30] Saying he would try to make the streets safer.
Dan Hodges[0:18:38] He is trying to have a broader debate but he's not. He's trying to win votes. You need to tell him to stop.
Mims Davies[0:18:48] I recognise that. Fiona asked what the government can do. We need to be reflective on that. But I do completely agree with Dan's point. This is very raw for a very -- one particular family. This is very raw and they don't really know what's happened to somebody who disappeared. I'm very mindful of that.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:12] The role here, particularly when we have government, is to see what can be done about it.Fiona Bruce[0:28:36] Victor, the Royal Family very much not a racist family, do you agree?
Victor Adebowale[0:28:48] I would be gobsmacked if he responded to that in the positive. My experience of them is they're probably not, but the issue --
Fiona Bruce[0:29:00] That's not a ringing endorsement, Victor.
Victor Adebowale[0:29:06] I think the point is, as Steve said, we're all learning. The Royal Family are on the same journey. The difference between the Royal Family, though, is the Queen is the head of State. So what we need to do is look to the Royal Family and the Queen has made a start that there are issues that need to be thought about. What we really need to do is for the Queen to help the country actually have a conversation about its relationship with race. The NHS confederation established the observatory on race and health because we know that black people suffer worse services and worse outcomes in the NHS. I did a piece of work for the Metropolitan Police in 2012 that showed black people with mental health challenges have a much increased chance of dying as a result of the police handling their case. So, these are systemic issues, I'm afraid, and the Royal Family are part of the system. So they need to lead the learning.Fiona Bruce[0:25:28] Right, let's move on. Alex Williams.
AudienceMember 20210318QT19[0:25:34] Prince William said today that the Royal Family is very much not a racist family. Do you agree?
Fiona Bruce[0:25:42] Steve.
Steve Reed[0:25:44] My overwhelming feeling listening to the interview with Oprah Winfrey and what's happened since is just a great sadness that this has happened to this family. I thought the statement the Palace put out a couple of days later struck exactly the right tone, when they said that there had been deeply concerning issues raised, that's for sure, but they wanted the space and privacy to deal with this as a family.
Fiona Bruce[0:26:20] Your colleague said the allegations of racism should be investigated. Do you think they should be investigated, as the allegations of bullying against Megan are?
Steve Reed[0:26:32] I think the institution of the monarchy is important for our country but they are people and they are a family and need the privacy to deal with it as a family. But I don't think we should glide over the serious issues that were raised.
Fiona Bruce[0:26:46] In terms of the question, the Royal Family is very much not a racist family, do you agree?
Steve Reed[0:26:52] I'm trying in a long way round --
Fiona Bruce[0:26:54] It is quite long. Do you want to answer that question, Steve?
Steve Reed[0:26:58] No, I don't. The Royal Family is a family comprised of people who are part of the society. There is racism in our society and it is deeply engrained.Bonnie Greer[0:36:08] What Diane said today that was so powerful -- and we're not talking about it. Because I think the Royal Family and royalty is a deeply embedded subconscious thing in this culture because you always had kings and queens on these isles, always. You like royalty. The question is how does royalty work for you now? That has to be the question. What Diane Abbot said is she has met the Queen, she has met Prince Charles, as have I, and she said they're not racist. But the Royal Family is not just a bunch of people. They are the royal household. They are are the courtier. There's the network around them that keeps them going, props them up, tells them, you go here, you go there. Maybe that needs a clear-out. Maybe that needs a looking into. Because it is just not the Mountbattens Windsors, it's a whole lot of people. Maybe we need to look at that or that needs to be looked at a lot deeper. That's what I would suggest.Fiona Bruce[0:21:48] Have you been on the receiving end of that kind of behaviour, Sam?
AudienceMember 20210318QT17[0:21:52] Yeah, I have. I've had -- starting from, you know, whistles when you are walking past. If I finished a shift at the pub -- obviously not at the moment -- and I'm walking home at 11 o'clock in the evening and you're walking past a man who has his hood up, you're pretending to be on the phone because you're scared about his crossing the road and doing something. My 20 year old daughter is renting privately but she's due to go back to campus now and she's a bit worried because where she's going to be living on campus is right near a wooded area that she has to walk through. You know, it shouldn't be an issue. She was on the phone to me a couple of weeks ago and she said, "I'm just a bit worried because to get in and out of the campus you have to go through a wooded area and I don't fancy walking through there at nighttime." I said, you shouldn't feel like that. But unfortunately that's the case. Even with a lot of campus security, it still plays on her mind.Steve Reed[0:11:56] I have been struck today from women I've talked to or commenting on social media how widespread this sense of fear is and how many women have experienced abuse or harassment on the streets.
Fiona Bruce[0:12:08] Were you surprised by that?
Steve Reed[0:12:12] The extent of it, I was surprised by it. I think every woman has the right to feel safe walking around the street of this country any time whatsoever. What happened today and the fear that women feel is not the fault of women, it is the fault of men who have allowed women to feel this way.
Fiona Bruce[0:12:30] What can be done about that? I remember going on Reclaim the Night marches when I was at university. They have been going since the '70s. What can be done about it?
Steve Reed[0:12:40] It is incumbent on men to reflect how we act. We have to call out attitudes abusive towards women when we see it. We have to become allies of women much more.Fiona Bruce[0:37:22] Elizabeth.
AudienceMember 20210318QT21[0:37:24] I think the question of the Royal Family being racist or not is a confusing one. I saw the interview. I didn't know when the supposed remarks were made. Were they made when the couple got married? Were they made when the baby was on their way? Were they, as Megan's father suggested, a crass way of wondering, as any family is curious, is this baby going to have its grandfather's big ears? Is this baby going to have red hair? Etcetera, etcetera. So I honestly can't answer the question is the Royal Family racist. But I can say the British tabloid press is bigoted and racist to its core. That to me is mainly what has driven that couple to leave this country. The way the tabloid press ripped into that woman and used every opportunity and used race as its main weapon. Why the tabloid press -- we have history here. They did exactly the same thing with Fergie and Diana. They seem to think if you have two women in the Royal Family married to two princes they must be at loggerheads and, if they're not, we'll create it.Dan Hodges[0:34:38] Well, the point is they didn't name names, they didn't give a place, they didn't give a time.
Fiona Bruce[0:34:46] This is specifically you're talking about the conversation about Archy and concern about what colour skin?
Dan Hodges[0:34:52] Didn't give any sort of context. And they have branded, as I said, this institution, which is important to millions of people in this country, as racist without any evidence. If people are going to do that, fine, but then don't be surprised if in a couple of years' time you turn round and a new Nigel Farage has turned up or a new Donald Trump has turned up and they are exploiting this for their own purposes.
Bonnie Greer[0:35:26] Just to answer -- so much to say. Diane Abbot was on breakfast television in America this morning and she made a powerful intervention. People in America -- I don't watch French TV, but in my native land, you can talk about anybody, but people have no idea what's going on here. It has recalibrated their feeling about this country. I have been feeling like Erol Flynn for the last three nights on television defending this country's honour. That's how bad it is.Fiona Bruce[0:31:56] It is extraordinary in that you feel Prince William feels he has to -- a journalist can shout to Prince William is the Royal Family racist. You can't imagine that question happening before the interview.
Dan Hodges[0:32:10] No, the reason why that is happening is because, in my view, Prince Harry and Megan have decided to take this psycho drama playing out within their family and hurled it on to the bonfire for reasons of their personal PR reasons, hurled it on to the bonfire of our raging impact law. Where are we this evening? The reality is we have a situation where we are told the Royal Family is facing the greatest crisis for 80 years, Britain's reputation has been trashed and we're told the country is fracturing down racial and generalisational lines. Some of that may be slightly overhyped. But the reality, given everything else going on, we all need this like we need a hole in the head. Harry and Megan's cheerleaders have been running around telling us all we have to pick a side, we have to pick a side. I think people will pick a side.Dan Hodges[0:33:18] People are picking a side. But I don't think it is going to be on the side of those cheerleaders who have been ordering the British people they have to check their privilege and sign up to the idea that Megan Markle is the new Rosa Parks. You want to take a knee, take a knee. You want to tear down a statue of an old slaver, I haven't a problem like that. But you want to tear down an institution like the Royal Family, which whether we like it or not is respected, indeed, loved by millions and millions of people across this country, then you've got to do that, you've got to come to that, if you want to put them at the heart of the culture war, you have to do that with a lot more than a few old cuttings about --Fiona Bruce[0:34:14] Some of them from your own newspaper, of course.Dan Hodges[0:34:18] As I say, I don't think that you can fight a culture war on these terms. Now, if people want to, by all means.Fiona Bruce[0:34:28] I'm not asking what you think is right. Is it because they didn't name names when it came to this allegation of racism? What do you mean?Dan Hodges[0:42:08] The royal which is the baddy and the royal that is the goody is constantly interchangeable. We saw this when people were playing off Diana against Sara Ferguson. The origin, the basis of that was not race.Bonnie Greer[0:42:24] So Megan was chosen to be the baddy and Kate was the goody.Dan Hodges[0:42:32] No. If you want to go through the coverage, if we all want to go through the coverage, you will see that at various stages Kate has had a good press and Kate has had a bad press. You'll see various stages -- you'll remember, Bonnie, I think we might have talked about it at the beginning when Megan turned up and when the press and within British society as a whole were all patting ourselves on the back saying, isn't this wonderful.Bonnie Greer[0:43:04] When did you start to hate her? Not you personally, but --Dan Hodges[0:43:10] I was going to come on to this point, the broader point about the media. Let's remember where we all came in on this or where, actually, they were going out on this. I'm old enough to remember when they were going off to Canada to get away from the press and to get away from the media.Mims Davies[0:45:46] So I think we have to be very careful when we bandy this around. This is not a matter for the government, it is a matter for the family. But, wider society, it is a matter for everybody.
Fiona Bruce[0:45:58] Victor. You wanted to come in for ages.Victor Adebowale[0:46:04] The reason I don't think the Royal Family are racist because I have met quite a few of them -- most of them, in fact -- in my life, I can say as a black men, and I think I'm more qualified than others to say that. But I think we need to separate the Royal Family from the institution as Bonnie pointed out. On the question of the press, it is clear it is racist just in the way they described Megan. They made the racist comments about her being from the "hood", gang type stuff. They didn't do that with any other princess. It is clear. Indeed, the resignation of the director of the society of editors because of the backlash of the defence of the tabloid press says it all.Victor Adebowale[0:46:48] We need to own up to this. I do hope the Queen, as a unifying figure, can give voice to the black community -- and the white community -- and actually talk about how we bring this society together. These issues have been around for a long time and it is time we started to have a conversation about how to resolve them.
Fiona Bruce[0:47:12] I'm going to move on now. From PS.
AudienceMember 20210318QT23[0:47:18] Thank you. Do the panel believe that NHS staff deserve more than a 1 percent pay rise when they've had secure jobs and incomes throughout the pandemic, unlike many other people?
Fiona Bruce[0:47:30] You're a surgeon, aren't you, in the National Health Service? You would be subject to this as well. Do you think that you and your colleagues deserve more than a 1 percent pay rise?Mims Davies[0:44:38] It was talked about the Queen being a unifying force. Absolutely she is. In the statements she made, she shows she is determined to use that for her family. That is a lot of -- we had a lot of division, some of it playing out in the conversations this evening. This is an opportunity to unify. I think we need to separate the wider racism conversation, call it out, absolutely, as I did as sports minister with behaviour on terraces in football in the way people continued to turn a blind eye and think that intolerance is okay. We cannot allow that. But, absolutely, we need this family to have that space and privacy --
Bonnie Greer[0:45:26] You haven't answered the question.
Fiona Bruce[0:45:28] Hang on, I'm sorry. I've got to bring --
Mims Davies[0:45:32] I, too, have met Prince Charles during my time working with charities. He absolutely is focused on supporting people with the biggest barriers. Helping young black men, in particular through the Prince's Trust. His track record on this is second to none.AudienceMember 20210318QT24 [0:47:42] It is a difficult issue. We all love the NHS. We are all fond of it. We think they've done a great job and continue to do a great job and will have to do a great job after the pandemic with the recovery. So of course we deserve greater than a 1 percent pay rise but there's not a magic money tree, to coin a phrase, out there. We have a big black hole in the economy. We are going to have to pay and pay this. So I don't think getting more into debt is the answer which means you have to take the money from somewhere else. We have had secure jobs, secure income, financial stability, we got to get out of the house, we're not house-bound all the time because we have to go to work. Our children have got to go to a key worker school, haven't had to be home schooled as much. So we had some positives compared to other people. There are 660,000 people lost their jobs in UK homes. Something like 10 percent of all home workers. Half a million children in London that go hungry --Fiona Bruce[0:48:50] Would you be happy to settle for 1 percent?
AudienceMember 20210318QT25[0:48:52] Yes. I think the money -- I think we all have to share the pain. To me a 1 percent pay rise is acceptable pain, if that's the right word, considering the pain that others in society have to suffer. So, yes, I do think that we should accept that and accept that for the greater societal good and accept that other people apart from NHS staff are also suffering through the pandemic and also deserve something.
Fiona Bruce[0:49:28] Mims, this must be music to your ears. The prime minister seems to be softening us up to see what the independent peer review body says.
Mims Davies[0:49:40] Absolutely. As employment minister, at DWP where we had more people coming to be part of DWP from sectors that we never would have imagined would be applying for universal credit. One figure that sticks in my mind of our staff, 27,000 extra hours worked over the Easter Bank Holiday weekend to get people paid and supported because the handbrake on the economy of the pandemic coming down on them, a massive shock to the system. But of course it is NHS, our teachers, who have continued to be on the frontline.Mims Davies[0:51:40] We'd love to be giving more money but it is difficult. We wait for the pay review body. This is the start of it. The government made its recommendation, then it goes to this independent review.
Fiona Bruce[0:51:50] Got you. Victor.
Victor Adebowale[0:51:52] With all due respect I beg to differ with the questioner and I think many of my members would beg to differ as well. There was a lot of confusion and shock at the 1 percent pay rise suggestion. In the department's own planning guidance it talks about 2.5 percent increase. That was baked into the budget going forward. So people were surprised. I think the fact of the matter is the frontline during this pandemic has pulled this country through, is still pulling this country through a horrific ordeal. We need to understand that many of your NHS colleagues and many of my members are literally on their knees. They have worked so hard. It is not just they they have managed to drag us through the pandemic, they've also treated, in January, 1.3 million non-COVID patients. They have managed to maintain the health service for everyone else.Dan Hodges[0:57:56] Now, the problem is that at the moment it is very difficult to judge that. Firstly, because of the pandemic and the economic effects and, secondly, because, frankly, we have a chancellor who, at the moment, I think has fallen and hit his head. I cannot for the life of me understand why the government has decided to set out a strategy for eradicating the deficit accrued over the course of the pandemic whilst we're still in the midst of the pandemic. The government has announced --
Fiona Bruce[0:58:40] I'll need to hurry you up.Dan Hodges[0:58:46] The government has announced a policy of tax rises and cuts to public spending before we know at what state the economic recovery will be at. It is madness.Fiona Bruce[0:52:58] Are you persuaded by the fact that at least his fellow co-workers have had secure jobs and income through the pandemic?Victor Adebowale[0:53:10] One of the problems here is the sort of divide and rule. You know, they've had it so good therefore they should suffer. I actually think that's not really good enough. My members tell me, and the leaders of the NHS tell me, that 1 percent isn't good enough. I have to say there is a real risk here. When I look at the fact that more than 14 percent of NHS frontline staff that we desperately need to get us through the other side want to leave as soon as possible. 26 percent are thinking of leaving. So there's a real issue here how we respect the people who have saved lives and done extraordinary work. These are not ordinary jobs. When you are watching someone die and you are there because they can't speak to their relatives, that is a special place. And I think the public think they deserve more than 1 percent, and most of your colleagues do as well.Steve Reed[0:55:34] The government has broken their promises to NHS staff and is offering them a pay cut saying they can't afford it, but they can afford to dole out 2 billion pounds in contracts to their mates.Fiona Bruce[0:55:52] You're saying NHS should get at least 2.1 percent. Ideally, what do you think?Steve Reed[0:56:02] They gave Dominic Cummings a 40 percent pay rise.Fiona Bruce[0:56:08] That's not an answer. What do you think they should get?Steve Reed[0:56:12] They should not get what they promised. A 1 percent pay rise is a real terms pay cut. It is an insult and the government must think again.Mims Davies[0:56:22] I don't think we can bandy round that test and trace doesn't work. 80 percent of that has gone on test, on labs, it's gone on equipment --Steve Reed[0:56:34] A cross-party commitment said it had a marginal impact.Fiona Bruce[0:56:42] (CROSS TALK).Mims Davies[0:56:44] Schools would not be open without test and trace. This is not incompetence. We had a couple of hundred test we can do --Steve Reed[0:56:52] Germany got a statement working for 48 million.Fiona Bruce[0:56:56] The public account committee found no clear evidence that test and trace cut infection.Mims Davies[0:57:04] Despite us contacting 9 million people including the Labour leader who was not at the dispatch box because he had been tested and traced.Fiona Bruce[0:57:16] 1 percent, is that enough?
Dan Hodges[0:57:18] I don't think it is. I think probably NHS staff do deserve better pay increase than that, but possibly not because of the reasons put forward. I find it quite patronising, actually, some of this argument, this idea that the NHS staff especially deserve a pay increase because over the last 12 months they have been doing incredible work saving lives. I'm not sure what people think NHS staff do when there isn't a pandemic. The reality is the decision on public sector pay should be based on two criteria. What sort of level and quality of public services do we want and what sort of level of public services can we afford?Fiona Bruce[0:59:00] Bonnie.
Bonnie Greer[0:59:02] A lot of what Dan is saying I agree with. I'm not a politician, I don't know all these figures. All I can say is I come from a country where there are 500,000 people dead because there is no health service. There is is no ethos of service. People are on the frontline, they are working hard, but there is not a central ethos. The NHS is a miracle. Trust me. And I think sometimes people don't understand. They may take it a little bit for granted. It doesn't exist anywhere else in the rest of the world. A lot of stuff that happened here that's good is because the NHS has been in business since 1948 and collecting cohort. They know how to line things up.Fiona Bruce[0:54:10] I know that Labour does not agree with the 1 percent. What do you think they should get as a pay rise?
Steve Reed[0:54:16] There was a percentage the government had budgeted for.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:22] Do you think that's enough?
Steve Reed[0:54:22] I think that should be the minimum they should be getting.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:26] I know Labour has been very critical. What percent do you think?
Steve Reed[0:54:32] At least the 2.1 percent the government promised the NHS workers. We have to pay the review body to look at this, this is a normal part of the process.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:42] What do you think they should get?
Steve Reed[0:54:44] At least 2.1 percent. I want to agree with what Victor said because he absolutely hit the nail on the head here. Nurses and other NHS workers, because hospital porters, hospital cleaners, all the rest of them over this past year have sweat blood and tears to look after the rest of us. They've gone in there where COVID existed and put their lives on the line to look after the rest of us, keep us safe. They literally saved the prime minister's life. When the British people stood out on the doorsteps week after week applauding those workers, they meant it. But when Boris Johnson finished clapping he went inside Number 10 Downing Street and slammed the door in their faces and insulted them with a pay cut. It's not me saying a pay cut.AudienceMember 20210318QT22[0:38:46] So the answer, and my point that I would make, is I don't really know about whether the Royal Family are racist because, as I say, the evidence to me was confused. But I can say with some certainty, having seen the headlines, that the British tabloid press, the red tops, is. And that, I think, is the issue here.Fiona Bruce[0:39:10] Dan, you're up.Dan Hodges[0:39:12] Funny, that. There's a couple of issues. Firstly, and this is the elephant rampaging around the last couple of days --Fiona Bruce[0:39:22] When you say the elephant in the room, it's not people have not been discussing it.Dan Hodges[0:39:28] As you're aware, there's been a specific debate about racism in the press as a result of this. Let's be clear about this. There is racism in the British media. There are racists in the British media. There is subconscious racism in the British media and there is institutional racism in the British media.Bonnie Greer[0:39:48] Are you saying that yourself? The things you just said. You're not quoting someone, you're saying that yourself.Dan Hodges[0:39:58] I'm saying we need to acknowledge that.Fiona Bruce[0:40:02] At your own paper?Dan Hodges[0:40:04] I'll be honest with you, I can't say that I have experienced or seen any racism at my own paper.Fiona Bruce[0:40:10] In terms of the coverage?Dan Hodges[0:40:14] No. No. I completely disagree with the idea the coverage has been racist but I'm not going to sit here and pretend racism doesn't exist in the British media. That would be ridiculous.
Bonnie Greer[0:59:46] Your service, our service here, is the envy of the world. And I don't know how anybody puts their mouth together to say I'm going to give you a 1 percent pay rise. What? What? What is that? I don't even know what that is. It would have been better if he slipped it in the pay cheque and said nothing than to tell people they are getting 1 percent pay rise. These are frontline workers. These are people keeping people alive. These are our healers. How dare he. That's what I say.Mims Davies[1:00:24] We can come back to this and balance the books in the way Dan described with the £400 billion we had to pump into the economy to protect jobs and support lives. We can do that because of the other miracle, the vaccines.AudienceMember 20210318QT06[0:09:00] Domestic violence is not isolated to just women. There are men that suffer domestic violence and abuse in the household. There are men that are very much discriminated against in our society and I think we have to be very careful about the narrative here.Fiona Bruce[0:09:16] In terms of domestic violence against men, it exists, you're absolutely right. Not in the same numbers as it does against women.AudienceMember 20210318QT07[0:09:26] I agree with that. I also feel there is this nuance towards "all men are evil." Putting that in people's minds is very dangerous. We need to be mindful about our activities. I'm not saying it doesn't happen but you have to be responsible for your own self and making your own decisions. You wouldn't cross a road not looking both ways, are you going to get hit by a car. We have to take responsibility for our own selves.AudienceMember 20210318QT10[0:13:42] There have been 6 women and two little girls killed in our country since that happened. We have to give women more confidence when abuse is starting to happen in the home to come forward and know they will get support. On average it is more than the 40th incident of abuse before a woman will come forward. If those women, bravely coming forward, telling what has happened to them, only see a 4 or 5 percent prosecution rate, that is telling women it is not worth coming forward. .Mims Davies[0:14:20] It is right that we mention, you can tell that to your pharmacist and they know you need help. You can declare if you come to a DWP job centre, we can help you. It is important, if you are reflecting on what we heard in Parliament today, those are very worrying statistics.Steve Reed[0:14:42] 4,800 women came to seek support from a refuge were turned away because of cuts in funding to women's refuges. That's unacceptable.Fiona Bruce[0:14:54] Alex.AudienceMember 20210318QT11[0:14:56] I just wanted to pick up on when he said men need to reflect on what they do to help women be safe in public. We need to reflect, we need to be asking our mums, sisters, partners, what is it that men can do and, specifically, what can I do to make women feel safer and be safer out in the streets.Steve Reed[0:27:06] But there is also a lack of respect for people who are experiencing mental ill health. That is also deeply engrained. The issues raised in this instance are actually issues that we as a society all need to tackle. You just can't point at one family and say this is their problem. This is all of our problem. But for me, this came together in Parliament recently. So I brought forward 2 and a half years ago a piece of legislation that was passed unanimously. The purpose was to prevent the number of deaths of black men in mental healthFiona Bruce[0:28:08] I'm not saying it is not important, it is, but it's quite far from is the Royal Family not a racist family.Steve Reed[0:28:16] The point, Fiona, is the government has not triggered it to come into force two and a half years later. This is something that Mims could take back to the mental health minister, please, give a commencement date to this legislation because this is something we did do. Fiona Bruce[0:50:20] Okay, but do you think -- this is a question about the NHS staff. Do they deserve more than a 1 percent pay rise?
Mims Davies[0:50:28] In an ideal world we would like to be remunerating everybody on the frontline of the pandemic more. We spent over 400 billion supporting people. I know from my own trust, transferring holiday for two years, buying back holiday, helping with mental health, having more nurses on the ward is really important, 60,000 in training. That's really important. The help through the furlough scheme, the business support, the VAT cut, all of that has helped people to keep their homes, support their livelihoods. Where partners have been affected by the aviation or tourism impact. That has been very -- in my patch where Gatwick has decimated the local economy.
Fiona Bruce[0:51:14] You're losing me slightly. I have to be honest. But in terms --(CROSS TALK)--
Mims Davies[0:51:26] The subject is that a million nurses are still benefitting from the 12 percent pay rise, also junior doctors. And the average pay is now around 34,000.
Fiona Bruce[0:51:36] The long and short of it is no.Fiona Bruce[0:40:26] Just to be clear, so when you had -- you had the society of editors who had to resign after releasing a statement saying the British press is not racist. You had journalists of colour saying the depressingly reality of how blacks are portrayed on a daily basis is what was reflected by Megan's comments. Do you think that is not true? Do you think there isn't racism in the coverage?Dan Hodges[0:40:58] I don't think there's been racism of the coverage of Megan personally, no. I'm making a broader point. There is institutional racism in all forms across society. The argument that the British media is somehow exempt from this would be ridiculous.Fiona Bruce[0:41:18] You'll know these examples as well as anybody, but the example often quoted of Kate Middleton, of course -- they don't call her Kate Middleton these days, Kate tenderly cradles her baby. Then with Megan, "why can't she take her hands off her bump".Dan Hodges[0:41:48] That is not to me an example of racism. That is an example of what is part of our national obsession of playing minor royals off.Bonnie Greer[0:42:00] So you choose which Royal Family is the baddy and which is the goody.Dan Hodges[0:43:28] I think what we've seen over the last week is, actually, they were trying to get away from press they didn't like and get away from media coverage they couldn't control. And I think that is the point --
Bonnie Greer[0:43:44] So you're angry with them because --
Dan Hodges[0:43:48] No. It wasn't a question -- I don't think it is a question of we were angry with them; they were angry with us because we weren't providing the kind of media coverage that we were obliged to consider.
Fiona Bruce[0:44:02] Hang on. Mims.
Mims Davies[0:44:08] It is a conversation about a family in pain. I agree with Steve on that. I saw a lot of pain coming through the TV of lack of communication and -- you know, it is difficult with a young baby and a new one on the way for any family when you are far from home. I get that as well.
Fiona Bruce[0:44:28] When you get the environment minister saying Harry is blowing up his family. What Megan wants, Megan gets, do you agree with that?Fiona BruceRight, let's start with our first question which is from Daniel Greening. 
Daniel Greening[00:01:26] Will we be allowed to go on a holiday this year abroad? 
Fiona Bruce[00:01:30] Will we, Vaughan? 
Vaughan Gething[00:01:32] I think it's impossible to say is the honest truth, and that's part of the difficult that we still face now. For all the progress we've made, and it's the hard-won sacrifices that people of Wales has meant we're in a position where coronavirus rates are now under 40 in 100,000, we know that in other parts of the world where we would normally have holidays the rates are rising, so mainland Europe in particular there are real challenges thereVaughan Gething[00:03:00] So, you know, I think that international travel in the way that we were used to before, and frankly I'm one of those people who enjoyed going to different parts of the world, but I still think for the great majority of us that's going to be put off for some time to come because the risk of coronavirus being reintroduced with all the harm it's caused economically, in mental health as well as the physical health crisis, I think they're too great a risk. But we'll have to see what happens in this country and of course in the rest of the world.Vaughan Gething [00:01:55] We also know there are new variants that are likely to come from other parts of the world as well and they could be really damaging to us and actually adversely impact our of course very successful vaccination programme. So I'm not planning to go on a foreign holiday this year. 

Fiona Bruce[00:02:12] And presumably you're not going to be in a great rush if you've got Mark Drakeford saying that the idea that we will have international travel back as it was before in the middle of May fills me with horror, that's what he says. Does it fill you with horror?Claire Fox[00:04:00] I'm sure a lot of people will be frightened to travel but I do think that people should be able to weigh up risks. I also haven't liked a certain tone which is this idea that anyone who goes on holiday is just being selfish and indulgent and that somehow that's a degenerate thing to do when in fact people do need to exert their freedom at this point. There have been terrible stories and people need the opportunity to relax and I do think holidays are part of that. So I'm hoping that I will get to be able to travel. Vaughan Gething [00:04:44] Claire is wrong about part of that because actually the reality is that we do know that there are other variants in other parts of the world that are a risk to us. That's why you can travel now but there are quarantine measures in place as well. So if you want to go and have a week in the sun, you've got to bank on the real prospect that you're going to spend ten days in quarantine when you come back, and for many families, that means that that isn't going to be a real option.Katie[00:06:40] I stayed in my house for ten days, of course I did, but no one would have known if I had or not, and it's stuff like that I kind of think it's like…if that was a better system in place in that sense…Fiona Bruce[00:06:56] You might be able to travel more if there was a stricter system, do you think? Katie[00:06:58] Yes, if everything else came together with the vaccine and everything like that, then it should effectively equal a better system by now, should it not? Vaughan Gething[00:02:26] Well, I had to make choices and I've had to make choices all through this crisis of course, and I made choices to change the rules on travel, on testing, while there were planes in the air coming back from Zante in particular, and that's because of the evidence that international travel was reimporting coronavirus into Wales when actually remember that last summer we had rates down as low as two in 100,000, so we saw coronavirus come into the UK largely because of the February half-term over a year ago, we saw rates increase again at the end of the summer, significantly because of international travel as well. Fiona Bruce[00:03:25] So it's not sounding fantastically likely for the summer, I think from that. Claire? Claire Fox[00:03:30] I think that we have to ask how we think the vaccine has worked. I mean, I think it's been a brilliant success, hasn't it? And consequently, we should be safe, we should be protected, we should be in a position where if we go on holiday, we're not going to reimport coronavirus, that's not the way it works. We have got a situation where fantastically we are now largely as a society not at the same risks because of the vaccine situation and consequently, I think to accept the draconian measure of a government, for example, banning you from leaving your own country is something that we should be very sceptical about.Nigel Owens[00:08:45] So we need to listen to the experts and follow the advice on it and, look, I'm the same as everybody else, you know, the sooner things can get back to normal, the better it is for everybody, but I think we need to be very, very sensible in the way that we do that, and we have to really listen from the people that know best about it and follow the guidance that are in place to do that, I think. Fiona Bruce[00:09:01] Andrew? Andrew RT Davies[00:09:03] Yes, I think going back to the question that Daniel put, this year are we likely to be able to travel, I'd like to think that there is that hope that we can travel at some point this year, but we have to be led by the data, we have to be led by the science on this, we've got the report, or should I say the UK government has this report coming now about 5 or 6 April that's going to inform the decision of opening up on 17 May, so that's a big day, that is, to understand exactly what the science is telling us.Fiona Bruce[00:05:04] Okay, let's see what our audience has got to say about it, Kuabina?
Kuabina[00:05:08] Hi, I just think it's also important to think about the countries that we do travel to. Obviously as us Brits will have the vaccine, that doesn't stop us from transmitting it to other people, and if we do go out to holidays in places like Europe who don't have as many people vaccinated, we could also cause a knock-on effect to those countries. I think we need to be mindful of the effects that we have on those other countries as well, because as we've seen, the pandemic is a global issue, and if it's not fixed in one area, it will always come back to us, so I think that's something we should be mindful of as well. Andrew RT Davies[00:09:30]:
 But I do build on the point that other…I think Katie made the point about having the systems in place to deal with the situation we face, and I think that's really important. We're going to have to learn to live with COVID, it's not going to disappear but I do find it as a politician hugely frustrating when I put the telly on and I see advertising on there advertising to go to Turkey, to go to Australia the other night was on television. 
Fiona Bruce[00:09:47] 
Well, what about coming to Wales?
 Andrew RT Davies[00:09:49]
 Well, I think staycation is going to be the big market. I think everyone…
Fiona Bruce[00:09:53]
 And do you think English or Scottish or Northern Irish tourists should be welcomed here in Wales?Fiona Bruce[00:07:06] Ian? Ian Unknown [00:07:07] Yes, hello. It would be nice for somebody to tell us what we have to do to achieve the freedoms that we had before. They keep on about it needs to be low, it needs to be down. Do we need to be like New Zealand and Australia, every time they get an infection it just shuts down? To me, that can't continue to happen. New Zealand and Australia have to eventually open up and you can guarantee that they're going to get some sort of infection in there and you can't go along hoping that it's just going to disappear, because it's not, and you've got to go back to some sort of normality and we need to be told when that or what we need to achieve to get to that point. Fiona Bruce[00:10:54] Jamie?
Jamie Unknown[00:10:56] Just to pick up on a point that Andrew RT Davies mentioned then, we're still seeing holidays being advertised on the television so have the Welsh Government shared this information that it's unlikely that international travel is going to happen? Because it's giving false hope and the industry are looking to survive. For me personally, I'm happy to stay at home for a staycation and support local businesses to get back on their feet, I'm not looking to go around the world, but surely this lack of a roadmap and telling the holiday companies not to advertise on TV and not to go to the expense and everything else, why hasn't the Welsh Government shared this information early with the holiday companies and the travel agencies? 
Fiona Bruce[00:11:42] Well, the decision to travel abroad is a UK Government policy.Adam Price [00:11:53] I think in terms of international travel, you know, I agree with Nigel, really, look, we all want to get back to the position where we can have all the liberties back, the freedoms that we lost, but I think so many people have sacrificed and we don't want to risk what we've gained in terms of driving the level of the virus right down. 

You know, last summer the importation of cases, we don't want to risk that and particularly the biggest uncertainty… there are a lot of positives at the moment, aren't there? I mean, the vaccination programme, the effect that's having, even the weather is in favour of us now, so the wind is in our sails a little bit but the one area of deepest uncertainty is about these variants of concern, as they're described, which of course have some degree of immunity to the effect of the vaccine, and that's the one area where I think that's a flashing red sign, let's hold off, let's be cautious, so that we don't endanger the gains that we've managed to achieve so far.Andrew RT Davies[00:11:47] It's not a secret about the risks for international travel, and those companies know that. Fiona Bruce[00:11:51] Let me come to Adam, we haven't heard from you. Adam Price[00:11:53] Yes, I think Jamie's broader point though is absolutely correct, because I think that, you know, it's about getting the balance right and I realise every government in the world faces this difficulty of aligning the different priorities but I think business need notice. I think most businesses would accept, look, they're not expecting reopening tomorrow or a date in June even for the removal of all restrictions, but they do need some notice, and I think the Welsh Government is not getting the balance right at the moment in terms of providing some sense of a direction of travel, the criteria that would be central to the decisions and some sense of what's going to happen in April and May.Fiona Bruce[00:05:45] Okay, Katie? 
Katie[00:05:46] Hiya, basically, yes, so my example is that my mum moved to France last year and I've not been able to see her since then, and I think much as I completely get not going abroad, I do get it, I get the vaccine not being rolled out as much over there, it all makes sense genuinely, but I think it's like if there was a better way that it was handled when people were coming into the country initially, or even now, like, should we not have come up with some kind of better system by now a year in so that we know that when people are coming in, like…even like I've been to France sort of last summer and I came back and I got the train home from London and no one called me for ten days.Fiona Bruce[00:15:42] And I guess we're looking at them now as they were once looking at us. Andrew RT Davies[00:15:45] And no one wishes to see that, but that's the great success that we've had here in the UK is that UK vaccination programme, and I think it will be a very, very dark day if some of the rhetoric that the European Union have talked about enacting to take hold of vaccine that is contractually obliged to the UK and the consequences of that would be severe, I would suggest, because actually what we need is as much vaccination to flow around the globe so that we can get on top of the virus wherever it might be rather…Fiona Bruce[00:16:10] I mean, the EU's point is that we're not exporting any, obviously that we've had many millions of doses from companies within the European Union and we haven't exported any. Fiona Bruce[00:13:40] Okay, Claire, you wanted to come back in? Claire Fox[00:13:41] I just wanted to clarify, I mean, we keep being told, you know, we have to follow the data not the dates, but actually the data is well ahead of where we thought it would be. We're told that we should listen to the experts and in fact the experts have stressed that the different variants from different countries, you know, this idea of a foreign variant versus a domestic, there's going to be variants on a virus like this, homegrown or foreign, and you don't want to get into a xenophobic anti-foreign point here. And that actually what's different, Adam has just mentioned last summer, is that we have the vaccination and that means that largely speaking the threat of the different variants are not as severe, at all, and my concern is that although we talk about following the science and following the data,actually these end up being kind of politically driven cautious decisions…I mean, I don't mind if people have staycations, that's fine, but I am concerned about carrying on this kind of talk of…which effectively induces fear in people, makes them frightened, when they don't need to be.
Andrew RT Davies[00:16:17] With respect to the EU, we've obviously got clear contractual obligations with the manufacturers…
Fiona Bruce[00:16:23] Which obviously they dispute as well. I'm just putting their point of view. 
Andrew RT Davies[00:16:25] Well, I don't think they dispute it, it's a fact that their contract is two months later than ours and equally it's not as strong as our type of contract because in the European contract, it states that they have to use reasonable or best endeavours to secure that vaccine for the European market, whereas our contract is more explicit, so I do think this is…
Fiona Bruce[00:16:42] Well, it also…sorry, it also says that in our contract too, but there are lots of bits that are redacted so it's not totally clear. Andrew RT Davies[00:16:47] But our market, we were there two months before, we were in there getting the vaccine, and we were able to unilaterally do it, and I think that's really important. We got a real success story on our hands. I passionately hope that the European Union don't enact the language that they're talking and make that a reality because I think that would be disastrous and protectionism will serve no one any good at all on this particular issue. Let's celebrate a success story in the UK, let's try and help the European Union through their current dilemma, and ultimately when we do get the vaccine rollout across the globe, we really will be on top of the COVID crisis. Fiona Bruce[00:17:19] Nigel? Nigel Owens[00:17:21] Yes, you know, I think what you can't be is selfish and keep it all for yourself, you know? We need to be sure that we as a country get on top of it, you know, within our own communities and family, but we also need, if we can and when the time is right, to help other countries as well, but it's…Fiona Bruce[00:17:37] But isn't that the crux of the matter? Because rightly or wrongly the EU is accusing us of keeping it for ourselves, and the UK Government, Liz Truss, for example, saying we need to vaccinate our entire population before we even think about allowing vaccinations to be…
Nigel Owens[00:08:00] Yes, it does. I think you've got to put people's safety and health first at the forefront of things. I think most people would love to go away on holidays but…

Fiona Bruce[00:08:10] Have you made any plans? 

Nigel Owens[00:08:11] No, I haven't, no, and I wouldn't make any plans. I've been following the guidelines, what we are told because I think it's crucially important that…there's no point us…in the situation we have, it's been a very, very difficult year for many, many people, for many, many different reasons, and all the hard work that's gone in by everybody involved in getting to the stage where we are today and getting the vaccines out, getting people vaccinated, bringing the numbers down, we have to be very, very careful we don't do anything to undo all that important work.
Nigel Owens[00:17:52] But it's a global pandemic, isn't it? And we need to get on top of it globally, I think, and, you know, if the boot was on the other foot that the other countries were keeping the vaccination and not giving us anything, we certainly wouldn't be happy, so I think there needs to be a little bit of common sense and a little bit of balance and transparency and honesty, and yes, we need to get on top of it, we need to get it out within our own communities and within our society, but also as well we must make sure that we do all we can as well in helping other countries as well to get on top of it. I think that's hugely important.Adam Price[00:20:15] No, I think that we need to start to have those conversations now. There hasn't been enough global cooperation. Because ultimately that is in our own interests, in terms of the safety of our own communities, because we were just talking about importing new variants. 

Fiona Bruce[00:20:31] So to not vaccinate everyone here, vaccinate, what, some people here, all the adults, and then start sending abroad? 

Adam Price[00:20:37] I think the best…look, the idea of the vaccine trade war is the most depressing thing I've heard after the last 12 months and the best thing that happened last night was the EU and the UK saying, look, let's work together, let's work together and let that be part of having global cooperation because that's what we need. We're only going to beat this virus if everyone works together, that's the approach that we've got to take.Fiona Bruce[00:22:02] Sarah?Sarah Unknown[00:22:04] Yes, I think there is a bit of a concern that all the good work that we've done and the trust in AstraZeneca that we've been given could be kind of undermined if the supply chain gets broken. I mean, I'm really hopeful that the discussions held between the Prime Minister and the EU yesterday will facilitate some resolution but, you know, sometimes the EU have not always held their end and we've noticed that in Brexit about the negotiations breaking down, so how much confidence can we have in those negotiations? Fiona Bruce[00:22:36] Camilla?Camilla Unknown[00:22:39] We've bought far more vaccines than we actually need and it seems very dog in the manger-ish not to be sharing it and not to be sending it abroad, and the rate limiting factor for our vaccination programme is physical giving of the vaccines day by day. We have far more vaccines than we actually need.Andrew RT Davies[00:21:01] Can I just bring the point in though, which is really important as well, Europe aren't helping themselves when you've got the comments of President Macron and Angela Merkel, ultimately the AstraZeneca vaccine is a good solid vaccine that will help us in the fight against this COVID crisis, and sometimes they just need to look in the mirror at some of the points they've been making. Fiona Bruce[00:21:21] Alison.Alison Unknown[00:21:23] I think we should vaccinate everyone in this country before we start exporting it. I think the fact that we were organised and got our orders in earlier than everyone else, I think that's a big flag wave for us and I think there's a lot of bitterness in Europe because, well, we've left now and anything now that they can do to fire at us or to try and paint us in any sort of bad light or anything, they're trying to do, and I think this vaccination scenario now is an ideal opportunity for them.
Claire Fox[00:24:10] The other thing we have to bear in mind is AstraZeneca and the Oxford scientists who developed it specifically made sure that AstraZeneca was a cheap vaccine that could be used by all parts of the world, all over the place. I mean, if we did have any spare, by the way, I would want to give it to those countries a lot poorer than those in the European Union, as it happens. But it's also the case that that is a cheap vaccine, and the UK has actually invested huge amounts of money in helping vaccine rollout round the world. So there's this presentation that is just topsy-turvy that somehow England's greedily sitting on all these vaccines when actually Ursula von der Leyen has been irresponsible in the extreme and the European Commission in making political hay of a health situation and actually it's the people in Europe and the different European countries that I feel most sorry for, in France and in Germany, where the vaccination take-up is very low and when they didn't use those vaccines and that seems to me to be tragic but we shouldn't rewrite this story in a way that makes it seem as though this is greedy England sitting on…greedy UK sitting on…greedy Wales sitting on excess vaccines. That's just not the reality of the situation.Fiona Bruce[00:19:13] And that's what it comes down to, Adam, is when is that opportunity? When is that moment, if we were to follow what Nigel's suggesting, that we should be helping other countries, when could that be? 
Adam Price[00:19:23] Well, you know, I think it's absolutely right that no one is safe until everyone is safe. We're facing a global pandemic, there's the clue, we beat this virus all together or not at all, and so as well as it being the morally right thing and ethically right thing to help others, there's actually a bit of enlightened self-interest here as well, isn't it, because if we don't actually work together with our European neighbours but actually more broadly than that, look about the issue of the vaccine in developing countries. There's a massive role there and the UK is in a strong position to provide moral leadership. The fact that there…
Fiona Bruce[00:20:05] So do you think the government is right to suggest that we should vaccinate our entire population before we start thinking about shipping some of our vaccines out to other countries? Fiona Bruce[00:22:57] I mean, we've ordered far more than we need. We haven't actually got in the UK at this moment more than we need. I mean, would you be prepared to give up your vaccine, say, Camilla, for another country? 
Camilla Unknown[00:23:10] I can't say that because as a healthcare worker, I've had mine, so I'm sorry, I can't really answer that one. But I think that it is very important that we think altruistically as a global community because just bringing it back to the first question, none of us are going to really feel safe going on holiday until the other countries are safer than they currently are. 
Fiona Bruce[00:23:31] Claire? 
Claire Fox[00:23:33] This is a very important question because it's not the way it's been presented at all, you know? The idea that we're hoarding vaccines and stopping the Europeans getting the AstraZeneca vaccine is a nonsense. Adam Price[00:31:05] As someone who comes from a family who's got midwives, GPs, cystic fibrosis specialist nurses involved, I believe we should be rewarding our dedicated NHS workers and carers to the full value that we possibly can as a country. That's why we…Fiona Bruce[00:31:17] So what does that mean in practice? Andrew RT Davies[00:31:18] Well, that's why we have a pay review system independent of government that makes these types of recommendations and I think it is really important for retention that that pay review body looks at all the evidence and delivers a real increase to our workers in the NHS who tirelessly worked and been those bridges of compassion to families in this really difficult crisis. I do not…Fiona Bruce[00:31:37] But a real increase would be more… I'm sorry to interrupt, but a real increase would be more than one per cent because we know inflation is going to be over that, so you don't support the one per cent then? Andrew RT Davies[00:31:44] If I was First Minister in Wales I would deliver whatever recommendation came out the pay review board because that's the appropriate mechanism to decide the pays and terms and conditions of our NHS staff…Fiona Bruce[00:31:54] But one per cent wouldn't be enough, by your definition?
Andrew RT Davies[00:31:56] I don't believe it would be enough, no, and that's why I've been making a stronger recommendation to the pay review body, but I wouldn't be going arbitrarily around with numbers that I know weren't sustainable over the period and, as I said, when I was on a programme with Adam Price recently, he was talking about a 12 per cent pay rise, he's now gone to four per cent.
Adam Price[00:32:11] No, I said we should at least match the Scottish Government, I know what I said, it was only a few moments ago, we should at least match what the Scottish Government have done. Yes, the RCN is quite strongly making a compelling case for the 12.5 per cent increase because we've had that level of cut in real terms over the last ten years, but at least do what the Scottish Government has done and yes, let's aim to do more because absolutely we rely on these people and we've clapped them and what we've seen from the Conservative government is they are refusing to actually turn that into real support. Andrew RT Davies[00:32:49] No, I think the First Minister will jump on any bandwagon that goes along, Adam Price. I would listen to the evidence and make the pay recommendation stick here in Wales that we could value our workers wherever they are, in the health sector or the care sector and not jump on the bandwagon. 

Fiona Bruce[00:33:03] Claire Fox.

Adam Price[00:33:04] What, supporting the unions is jumping on a bandwagon? You've got to listen to the workers that are actually delivering the care day in, day out, they are calling for this pay rise and you're saying you won't support it. 

Fiona Bruce[00:33:11] Adam, you've made your point. Claire Fox. 

Claire Fox[00:33:15] Adam, just even to reply to that quick point, there's an awful lot of workers in Wales who don't work in the NHS and an awful lot of them wouldn't want a pay rise. An awful lot of them would want to have some pay and some guaranteed employment. 
Fiona Bruce[00:26:48] And do you think here in the UK, we should vaccinate our own population first before we start exporting vaccines? Vaughan Gething[00:26:53] Yes, I think that's exactly what we're going to do because…Fiona Bruce[00:26:54] That is what we're going to do? Vaughan Gething[00:26:55] Yes, because we've got contracts and supplies that are coming in, we've a real success story here in Wales, every UK nation can be proud of its own vaccination programme, it's just a matter of fact that we have done even better than other countries. We're going faster than elsewhere. That's a real matter of pride and we're going to finish the job with the vaccines we've got. But I fully expect that there will be help from the UK to other parts of the world, but everyone just needs to calm down, because members of the public rolling in and saying it's the Europeans, it's the Brits, well, I just think that's really unhelpful. It's about getting supplies to all parts of the world as quickly as possible, and I have conversations with Conservative ministers about this, people who are my opponents politically but we have grown-up conversations and I speak with the vaccine companies themselves as well. So it's about how quickly we can all go to make us all safe. Fiona Bruce
[00:27:45] Briefly, Andrew.

Andrew RT Davies
[00:27:44] But in fairness the rhetoric has been dialled up on the continent of Europe. Twice now they've come back with various measures. I want to see the vaccine programme be a success in Europe as well but we're not the people sending military police into factories to seize vaccines like the Italians did the other day. That is dialling up the dial way too loud, and what we've got to work together…I haven't heard UK Government ministers threatening any action in retaliation to what the European Union have…

Vaughan Gething
[00:28:10] Actually, I think there has been some unhelpful commentary from some parts of the UK Government. 

Andrew RT Davies
[00:28:14] Well, quote it. 

Vaughan Gething
[00:28:15] I think you'll find the Foreign Secretary hasn't been wonderfully helpful with all of his comments. I also think when we're talking about people respecting it…

Fiona Bruce
[00:28:20] Like what in particular, Vaughan, are you referring to? 

Vaughan Gething
[00:28:22] People respecting international obligations and international agreements that are made is not something the UK comes with entirely clean hands.
Claire Fox[00:33:25] You know, one of the dangers with this, and I do get anxious about it, is that we've somehow isolated health workers, nurses in particular as a special kind of worker. Now nobody…of course we all understand that they've been on the front line in this pandemic but it's just that to say that they require a special award as distinct from, for example, care workers or as distinct from people who work in the supermarkets, as distinct from all the people who've been cycling around delivering meals to people who rather enjoyed working from home, whereas those people have carried on, what about the people who clean the streets, what about the people who pick up the bins? There's a whole range of people who deserve a pay rise, and it's also the case that for millions of people, they haven't even been able to avail themselves of furlough, you know, people who run their own businesses, are freelancers and so on, have been absolutely destitute and forgotten in the whole of this. Fiona Bruce [00:28:31] So hang on, you've just said that Dominic Raab made unhelpful comments, what are you referring to in particular?
Vaughan Gething[00:28:34] I think when he's been talking about comments about the situation with Europe and it's the tone of what's said, and it's the tone that matters in all this, that's why everyone needs to take a step back and calm down, because actually we've got a real success story on our hands with effective vaccines being produced, we're going really quickly in Wales and the rest of the UK and that's what we all need to focus on. 
Adam Price[00:28:52] The Foreign Secretary referred to the EU as acting like a dictatorship, I mean, you know, if that isn't inflammatory language then what is? It doesn't help anyone talking like that. 
Claire Fox[00:29:01] They should stop acting like a dictatorship then. 
Adam Price[00:29:03] Oh, here we go again. 
Vaughan Gething[00:29:04] And you see, that's the problem, if that's the discourse we have, that helps no one. And that will make people frightened, that is scaremongering, that's really unhelpful and it's in all of our interests to go as quickly as possible…Adam Price[00:30:10] We've actually seen a real-terms cut in pay of NHS staff going back over ten years. That's why we're facing a problem in terms of recruitment and retention, people are burned out and part of that…pay isn't the only thing we need to do, by the way, we need to have more staff in the NHS, we need another 1,000 doctors, 4,000 extra nurses, but pay is part of saying as a society we value you, and I think well done the Scottish Government for showing up the Conservatives what they are, offering a real-terms pay cut to our NHS staff, and we in Wales should at least follow Scotland's lead and that's what I will do as a Plaid Cymru First Minister. 
Fiona Bruce[00:30:55] Andrew, I assume you don't agree with that and you think one per cent is plenty? 
Andrew RT Davies[00:30:58] Well, I notice Adam's just given a pay cut from his first offer which was 12 per cent because when I was on a programme with him recently he was saying that they should have 12 per cent. Claire Fox[00:23:45] They actually…different countries in the EU, France and Germany, but other countries, Italy as well, have been storing vaccines and not giving them to their own people. They had a certain amount, millions of AstraZeneca vaccines which they actually deployed and said, oh no, we don't think it's safe, they used the precautionary principle in that way, frightened people, there's now a high level of vaccine scepticism in many countries in the EU, and so I think we have to remember what's happened. And the trade war, such as it's been threatened, I mean, I'm not…everything that the UK does is not perfect by any stretch but in this instance, the EU call the shots on that. They deployed a form of protectionism which I think is very frightening, you know, it really has ramped up tensions.Claire Fox [00:40:10] We can't engage everybody who's 18 plus, so what we'll do is we'll get lots of young people involved and there is, and there has always been a little bit of the idea that those young people, and I work with teenagers so I know how smart they can be, but also for the purposes of everything else, they're treated as not being adults. They're still at school, they're dependent and they're consequently not seen as autonomous in the usual way that we understand that politically. 

I think that probably the Labour Party hope that they will benefit from having these young people vote for them and they kind of look at opinion polls and say, oh, they're all very radical, they'll vote for us. I rather enjoyed it in the Scottish referendum when the SNP deployed a similar tactic but in the end many of those young people were independent and didn't actually vote for independence and thought for themselves. So if they're going to have the vote I hope that they won't act as a stage army for any particular political party.Fiona Bruce [00:37:14] Alan? 
Alan Unknown[00:37:16] As somebody who has experienced the NHS in Wales who helped my son before COVID, I'd just like to say they deserve a lot more than what this country is giving them at the present. Clapping them and just saying that they're great, they deserve a lot more for what they actually do. 
Fiona Bruce[00:37:33] And do you think they should be made a special case? Claire's making the point that they shouldn't. 
Alan Unknown[00:37:38] I'm a limited company director myself who's received no help from the government whatsoever but I would treat them as a special case because they helped my son when he needed it. 
Fiona Bruce[00:37:47] Okay, Nigel. 
Nigel Owens[00:37:49] Yes, I think we mustn't forget as well the other people who are on the front line, who've put their lives at risk, who've spent time away from family and loved ones to look after and make sure that we can get on as much as we possibly can with our lives during these difficult times. Fiona Bruce[00:39:13] Let's take another question from Lyn Jones.
 Lyn Unknown[00:39:16] Okay, my question is in the forthcoming May elections, 16 and 17-year-olds can vote for the first time. Now which political party will that benefit? 
Fiona Bruce[00:39:32] Which political party will that benefit the most? Claire? 
Claire Fox[00:39:38] I don't know who it will benefit and I've got very mixed views about the lowering of the age of voting to 16 and 17. I've been concerned following Welsh politics for many years at the low turnout in elections and the lack of political engagement which it is a bit dispiriting apart from of course in the referendum about whether we should leave the EU, which there was a high turnout and we know which way Wales voted. But the 16 and 17-year-old vote always feels a little bit cynical, you know? Vaughan Gething[00:36:10] So I know Andrew is bravely talking about that he wouldn't have a one per cent pay cap here in Wales, but the reality is he supported austerity for ten years, and if actually the Treasury are only going to fund one per cent, that's got real consequences not just for health and social care workers but actually for wider public finances and our ability to support businesses as well. So there's quite a lot to this but I'm really clear about where we are, we've got a good track record in recruiting and retaining staff in Wales, in the last four years our NHS headcount has risen by £10,000 so we've put our money where our mouth is and we do have more staff. I'll need more of those staff to take care of you and me in the future as well. 
Fiona Bruce[00:36:51] Andrew?
Andrew Unknown[00:36:54] Hi, Fiona. I'd just like to say the NHS have been responsible for saving many lives and been a foundation for getting this country back on their feet, so I think we definitely should be matching four per cent, even more. I think this government's found money for everything else, why not find the money for these people on the front line? Adam Price
[00:43:20] It's a very… The independence movement in Wales is driven by positivity, hope. It's actually about looking forward to the future, it's actually looking out to the world as well, and I think that's a message that really appeals to young people thinking about the Wales that we're going to build, you know? Coming out of this pandemic, we're all thinking, aren't we, we don't want to go back to the way that Wales was. What kind of world and what kind of Wales do we want to build, and that's really at the heart of the independence message. It's why it's appealing to young people, and obviously Plaid Cymru are the only major party that is offering an independence referendum, and I think that's going to be a major factor, not just for young people in this election, of course, because 39 per cent of the Welsh population support independence. 
Claire Fox[00:34:25] So what I think we need to do, because I do think there does end up being this thing about saying I want to say and associate myself with the nurses because that will show how virtuous I am, you isolate them as a special group, but it's quite divisive. And so I would be looking of course at how we can get the economy started again as quickly as possible, with less of the caution as exhibited by the politicians here, and then make sure that everybody and anybody that we can is rewarded successfully. But so many people are facing unemployment, so many people are facing wage cuts, to just say it's only the nurses that we should consider, I mean, remember the furloughed staff have basically had a 20 per cent pay cut and lots of them are going to face losing their job and according to the politicians in Wales, if you work in tourism, you can forget it, you're not going to have a job. What about them? Fiona Bruce[00:44:23] And presumably, Andrew, you don't think that the Conservatives are going to benefit from 16 to 17-year-olds voting because you called it a stitch-up by the left wing political establishment?Andrew RT Davies[00:44:32] Well, ultimately we deal with the franchise we've got on the election but…Fiona Bruce[00:44:35] But this is not a franchise you wanted. Andrew RT Davies[00:44:37] Well, I didn't believe in votes at 16 to 17, I voted to keep it at 18, because I believe that was a sensible age to bring the franchise in and the voters to vote at that age. Fiona Bruce[00:44:45] So is it going to be a bit tricky for you to appeal to them now? Andrew RT Davies[00:44:47] No, I'd hope not. We have an exciting and forward-looking manifesto. I don't think people would want constitutional carnage on an independence referendum we'll have, I don't think they want their government focus…Adam Price[00:44:55] Says the man who was an ardent Brexiteer.Fiona Bruce[00:35:23] Vaughan, Scotland's rather outmanoeuvred you, hasn't it? I mean, it's been very hard for you to say…I know you might be worth four per cent in Scotland but you're not worth four per cent in Wales? 
Vaughan Gething[00:35:31] No, I don't think so, and actually this isn't about manoeuvring, that's the problem. If people's pay is just a manoeuvre, that's the wrong lens to look at it. 
Fiona Bruce[00:35:38] What, you think there's not an element of politics in it? 
Vaughan Gething[00:35:41] Well, there's always politics and lots of choices, but that isn't the way we're approaching pay and I actually do think that our frontline health and care workers are a special case. I've already decided to give for basic rate taxpayers a £500 special payment across health and social care, and the reason they're different is they have put themselves in harm's way for us.
Fiona Bruce[00:36:00] But what about a four per cent pay rise?
Vaughan Gething[00:36:01] They have put themselves in that position, that's why I've made that choice. I've also made clear that we're going to wait for the pay review body recommendations, I made really clear that I'm not setting an arbitrary cap.Fiona Bruce[00:41:11] Well, we've got two young people in our audience who've got their hands up. Tim, let's start with you. Are you more likely to vote Labour? Do you think this is a good idea? 
Tim Unknown[00:41:18] I'd always say increasing suffrage is always a good idea. As a democracy we want to get as many people heard as possible. My suspicion would be that by reducing the age, the populous might be more likely to vote on populist ideas, so I wonder if that would actually benefit parties such as Plaid in the Senedd elections more than Labour, because, as we've seen recently, Labour is in record lows in polls. 
Fiona Bruce[00:41:48] Katie? Or Kate, sorry? 
Kate Unknown[00:41:51] Yes, I think the thing with 16 and 17-year-olds is I think we just don't give them enough credit and I think that, like, I'm 27, I've only really spent the last few years learning about all of this. When I was 16, I didn't take an interest, but I know, like, the 16, 17, 18-year-olds that I work with who know more than I ever knew at that age, and I think that it's their future more than it's my future, more than it's the next future, do you know what I mean? And I think they have every right to have a say in that as an 18-year-old would.Vaughan Gething[00:47:30]
 Many young people are already carers for people in their family and we definitely will have something to say about mental health and wellbeing in our manifesto, not just physical health too. And I don't think you can guarantee it's one party or another who will benefit, because, you know, we're asking to take Wales forward and I think we will have more people…
Fiona Bruce[00:47:50] You can't guarantee it but you can see from evidence that's gone through elections before that generally younger people tend to favour Labour and independence parties. Nigel Owens[00:38:00] But there is no doubt whatsoever that the National Health is a wonderful, wonderful service, and the people who work there are wonderful, wonderful people who have put their own lives at risk in order to save other lives and if that means they are special cases and deserve a four per cent, whatever the percentage is, then of course they should deserve it, you know? Every single one of us pretty much was out on a Thursday night clapping and applauding them. We must never ever forget the great work that they've done. They saved my life 20 years ago and I shall forever be in debt because they go far and beyond what they really need to be doing, and the other people as well in the country we must remember, volunteers even who have given up time in helping others, caring about the neighbours, checking on people, going to get things for people who can't go and get things for themselves, we must not forget the other people as well. But if it means that we put the NHS in a special case, as Claire mentioned, then so be it, because I think they certainly deserve for what they've done for us, every single one of us, and the country, over the last year, and before that as well.Kay Unknown[00:46:00] I've recently tragically lost my own sister to a gaping hole in services and I think in Wales whatever, and the young people who are at the heart of decisions, that we should be building services around those people to support us, because they will be ultimately the carers and the engineers and they will be the builders of the future, and the NHS staff, and whoever the young people pick, I hope that they can see that they are deserving of a government that the framework is built for their wellbeing, that's physical and mental health, you know? And I sincerely hope that that is taken seriously by all parties. 
Fiona Bruce[00:46:38] Ian? 
Ian Unknown[00:46:41] Yes, I think the answer to the question is which party is most vocal about introducing it, because they've obviously done their research and they would know who is likely to vote for Labour, Conservative or Plaid so you've answered the question for yourself, really, that's what I think. Andrew RT Davies[00:44:57] Well, that was part of the manifesto and people voted for it, but what I'm saying to you is that people at this election will look at the manifestos and think do we need more constitutional chaos by having an independence referendum or do we come out positively from the COVID crisis, deal with the environmental challenges that we've got as well and the franchise will be the franchise. The point that Claire made is that all of us as politicians from the Assembly and wider society need to work to get better engagement across the whole of Wales, because regrettably only about 40, 45 per cent of the electorate engage with the Assembly elections as opposed to the general election in Wales which is 70, 75 per cent, so there is a big turnoff when it comes to Welsh Parliamentary elections, regrettably. 
Fiona Bruce[00:45:36] Is it a turnoff for you, Kay? You've got your hand up. 
Kay Unknown[00:45:38] I'd just like to say that I think the young people are our future and I sincerely hope that whatever government and the young people choose that they are going to be determined to put mental health and wellbeing as an investment at the forefront of services, because our young people have suffered during this pandemic and there is a crisis in mental health services.Fiona Bruce[00:48:50] Rhian? 
Rhian Unknown[00:48:52] Hi, yes, I don't think we give young people enough credit. I'm a secondary school teacher and I had an A-level class this morning and a lot of the discussion I feel was a lot more informative and helpful to each other. They listened to each other. We don't give them enough credit and I would say that they are young adults rather than children, 16 and 17-year-olds, they've got a lot to say, and they are differing opinions, and I think they should have that opportunity to vote. And if they don't want to use that vote then they don't have to but I think the option should be there. 
Fiona Bruce[00:49:36] So, Nigel, the question is in the forthcoming May elections, which political party will benefit the most from 16 and 17-year-olds being able to vote? 
Nigel Owens[00:49:45] The honest answer to you, Fiona, I don't know. Fiona Bruce
[00:47:01] So that's why you introduced it, Vaughan, that's why you backed it because you thought you'd get more votes that way? 

Vaughan Gething
[00:47:05] No, I've been…

Fiona Bruce
[00:47:05] Not in terms of increasing universal suffrage, as Tim put it, but just to get more votes.

Vaughan Gething
[00:47:09] I've been a supporter of votes at 16 long before I was elected to the council, when I was a councillor for one term before I was a member of the Senedd, so I think it's the right thing to do from a principle point of view, I think that at the age of 16 there are lots of responsibilities that we impose on people at that age, and I think people have the right to choose who will make decisions on their behalf. Talking about young people being the carers and the engineers of the future, of course young people can already work. 
Vaughan Gething[00:47:58] But only generally and actually there have been lots of times in this election where seats will be decided by small margins and we're in an extraordinary period of time, there's been a much greater profile for devolutions through the last year and a bit, and I think a greater awareness of the powers that we have within the Welsh Parliament, the responsibilities we have, and I think, and I certainly hope that more people will cast a ballot in this election because of that, because you can see just how important it is to choose a government here in Wales on our side to make choices because the pandemic isn't over, we then have a huge task to rebuild the country and make it a fairer country for the future. I think everyone of every age, not just 16 and 17, but over 16s and everyone around that as well has a real stake in deciding the future of Wales, and I hope everyone regardless of their view goes out and makes a choice for who will be the next Welsh Government. Fiona Bruce[00:42:26] And which party do you think will it benefit the most, that's the question? Kate Unknown[00:42:31] I do think that it would probably…I get the vibe that it would probably help Plaid or the Green Party or someone more like that, at the moment. Fiona Bruce[00:42:45] You supported this, Adam, reducing the vote to 16, is that because you thought you'd get more votes that way? Adam Price[00:42:51] No, I think…Fiona Bruce[00:42:52] Really? Adam Price[00:42:54] No, I think Tim's right, I mean, we all benefit by having our young people right at the heart of a democracy, we all gain, and I think that the party that will benefit the most is the one that presents the most inspiring vision of the future and that's up to all of us in the next few weeks. Now I hope that it will be our party, but, you know, none of us should take young people for granted, and ultimately I think there is interestingly a very clear pattern, though, isn't there, that independence has the highest support amongst 16 to 24 years old, and I don't think that's any accident, you know?Nigel Owens[00:49:55] I just hope that all the leaders of all the parties will be very honest and upfront in their policies, honest and upfront with young people who at 16 and 17 years of age can be heavily influenced at that age. Fifty is the new 40, I think 16 is the new 18, times have changed, you have the influence of social media and stuff as well on young people. There are a huge amount of very, very sensible mature 16 and 17-year-olds out there, and politics should be for all. All of us should have a say in our own country and the future of our country, at 16, 17 years of age as well, as well as 18 and upwards. So I really hope that young people will engage more in the political debate and will cast their vote in May, and I hope that it will be for the right reasons, that we don't get any populism and weighing in young people that, you know, the genuine policies are there for young people to decide who they believe is going to be the best party to lead them.Nigel Owens
[00:51:00] So, you know, young people are much more intelligent than we give them credit, there are good decent young people out there, and I'm glad to hear that they have the opportunity now to play a part in what is the future is then the young people themselves. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:51:16] We've got time to squeeze one more question in from Sarah Wingfield. Sarah? 

Sarah Unknown
[00:51:20] Hello, thank you, Fiona. There's a new proposal to mandate the flying of the Union Jack on all government buildings across the United Kingdom daily, excluding Northern Ireland. Is this likely to unite the nations as presumably intended, or might our flags become politicised? 

Fiona Bruce
[00:51:40] Is this a good idea, Andrew? 

Andrew RT Davies
[00:51:41] I think it is, but I think in Wales obviously we have our own flag and we fly that with the Union flag because we're part of the United Kingdom, an important part of the United Kingdom. 
Fiona Bruce
[00:51:49] But over the UK government buildings?

Andrew RT Davies
[00:51:52] Well, the two flags fly proudly over the Welsh Office in Cardiff, the new Welsh Office that's just been built and so it should be mandated that both flags fly in Wales because we are a proud country on our own but also part of the United Kingdom so…

Fiona Bruce
[00:52:04] Why do you think this decision has been taken now? 

Andrew RT Davies
[00:52:06] Well, I think that question is probably directed at the Westminster government but ultimately they've taken the decision to obviously to fly that flag in England and across the United Kingdom because it unifies the whole country, it's an important symbol of unity in the United Kingdom, and I think it's an important recognition of the importance of a flag to a country's identity, and I'm proud to call myself a unionist but I'm equally proud to be a Welshman as well, a passionate Welshman who puts 19.5 stone on the veteran's rugby field every now and again. 
Fiona Bruce
[00:52:32] You're laughing at that idea, not at the 19.5 stone, I hasten to add, but the idea of it being…

Vaughan Gething
[00:52:36] I was laughing at that as well. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:52:37] …of flying the Union Jack.

Vaughan Gething
[00:52:40] Look, it's an attempt to be…part of this attempt to have culture…I think there's a danger you get too upset about this when actually we already have the Welsh flag and the Union Jack flying over the Welsh Government building. I'm proud to be Welsh and British and proud of my Zambian heritage as well, but I actually think that for politicians it's not so much having a row about flags but about the future of the country. 

Vaughan Gething
[00:53:00] You know, if we fly the flag over all local council buildings or not, we'll have a row about it, but will it change anybody's life? I don't think it will. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:53:09] But the Labour leader said…

Vaughan Gething
[00:53:11] I'm much more interested in what we get to do to transform people's lives, to build our country for the better in the future. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:53:17] But the First Minister said this month the UK is over and a new union should be crafted, so is that why you don't welcome the Union Jack? 

Vaughan Gething
[00:53:26] No, like I said, I'm proud to be Welsh and British and I'm proud of my Zambian heritage. 
8:51
Vaughan Gething
[00:53:30] We have the flag flying over Welsh Government buildings, the Union Jack, and we have the Welsh flag as well. There isn't a contradiction in that, and Mark Drakeford's comments aren't about the flag, they're about how the UK works, recognising that power is held in different parts of the UK, and just having a UK government making all the choices when people don't agree with each other isn't the right way forward. It's about remaking the union, it's a voluntary association of the four nations, I think we're all better off, the four countries of the UK together, but we need to have a way for the union to work in the future. Otherwise the danger is we'll end up dividing the UK and we'll see it fall apart. Now that isn't what I want to see, but obviously Wales need to be able to make our own decisions in a whole range of areas that already here in the Welsh Parliament, and that's what people are going to vote on at the start of May. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:54:18] Sarah, you asked this question, what's your view? 

Sarah Unknown
[00:54:21] Whilst I understand the intention of seeking unity through using the Union Jack for the UK in the whole, I think there's a risk of anything which is forced can sometimes have a corresponding resistance, which could undermine the original intention. I think there's a better way to maybe win hearts and minds. There's a risk that flags can become tokenistic rather than the celebration of nationhood and perhaps a sense of belonging. I just think there's a danger of the Union Jack being…which, you know, should symbolise unity, kind of becoming a political football, so…
8:52
Fiona Bruce[00:54:52] Claire? 

Claire Fox
[00:54:54] I've never been much of a flag waver, but when I was in Brussels as an MEP, the officials came round and snatched all the little mini Union Jacks that were in front of the Brexit Party MEPs and confiscated them, said they weren't allowed, and said that you shouldn't have symbols of nationalism, and I was surrounded in a European Parliament with the European flag everywhere we looked and everyone had mini European flags, the blue with the stars, so it made me realise that flags do symbolise something, because that was actually an assault on national sovereignty, not on the flag.
8:53
Claire Fox
[00:55:30] But I do think Sarah's right, you know? You can't mandate a union by simply imposing the flag on it. I however do worry about the Welsh Labour in particular flirting with Welsh nationalism, accommodating to it in a way that I found very unhelpful recently and not winning the arguments for the United Kingdom, and I do think that the union does count for something democratically. 

We've just talked about young people, by the way, young people are also going to be looking around at all the small new parties and some of them saying, you know, you've got Abolish, you've got Reform UK, you've got these parties that are basically not fitting in with the standard parties, and I think that therefore the Tories are overtrying with this mandating of the flag. I think they've got to win the arguments to get new voters rather than trying to force the union to work that way. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:56:26] Adam, we haven't got an awful lot of time left, so if you be reasonably brief…

Adam Price
[00:56:30] This has obviously been designed really in part as a response to the growing support for Scottish and Welsh independence. It might have the opposite effect in Wales because I mean there is no more potent symbol of Wales' invisibility within this union than the Union Jack, because we're the only home nation that isn't represented on it, and therein lies a deep truth about how we are treated as a nation within this unequal United Kingdom
8:54
Fiona Bruce
[00:57:00] But you're not represented on it because Wales and England were part of the same country at that point. 

Adam Price
[00:57:05] Yes, and the union that we didn't get the vote on, by the way, but therein lies the experience I think of Wales. We saw it with the furlough, didn't we, [inaudible 00:57:11], the Welsh Government asked for the furlough to be extended, we were refused, endangering our lives, when the situation changed in England, hey presto, they extended the furlough, and the people of Wales noticed that, and that's how Wales has been treated in this United Kingdom and it's there to see on the flag itself. 
8:55
Fiona Bruce
[00:57:32] Nigel. 

Nigel Owens
[00:57:33] When you referee out in Italy and Rome, they have the Italian flag, whoever they're playing against and then in the middle always on the stadium they put up the match flag of the referee, and the Welsh flag, the Welsh dragon was always hanging there when I was refereeing and I was so proud looking up at that. I don't think you should mandate the flag on anybody. You have to understand that within Wales, there are people who want to fly the Union Jack, there are people who are proud to be British, there are other people who don't feel proud to be British, and I think it's wrong to mandate the flag on people. I think it should be individual choice. 
8:55

Fiona Bruce
[00:58:07] Or even on UK government buildings? 

Nigel Owens
[00:58:09] Well, if it's a government building then it's the policy of that government or the people within that building should have the right to choose, so I wouldn't be too much hung up about the Union Jack flying or not on a government building because, you know, if you force issues on people, then you're going to have people rebel against it, and I'm very proud to see the Welsh flag flying wherever it flies.Claire Fox [00:13:41] So I just think that, you know, even this idea that it's irresponsible for people to advertise holidays, I mean, we have to build a future and we have to have some hope and we have a tourism industry, and that tourism industry is not based on staycations alone, and that's jobs, by the way, that's important. So I do think we have to be careful that we don't say we're following the science but actually just end up with a bit of scaremongering. 
Fiona Bruce [00:15:15] Okay, let me take another question now from Christopher Reese. 
Christopher Unknown [00:15:18] The Prime Minister has warned that Europe's third wave could wash up on our shores. Do you agree that vaccine nationalism is now the greatest threat to public health in the UK and Europe? 
Fiona Bruce[00:15:30] Andrew? 
Andrew RT Davies[00:15:31] Well, I think the numbers that are coming out of Europe are really concerning. I mean, in France today, it was reported that 65,000 cases were reported of COVID. That's back to where we were, well, two months ago in this country.Fiona Bruce[00:18:21] So do you think we should start exporting vaccines from the UK before we've vaccinate our entire population, for example? 
Nigel Owens[00:18:29] I think it's getting the balance right, as I said. I don't think we can sort of stop vaccinating within our country and then send everything abroad. We need to get the balance right and get the numbers right and hopefully abroad and the other countries as well can apply that bit of common sense to the way that they want to do it as well. So I think we need to keep vaccinating this country, but also make sure that we do all we can in encouraging and making sure other people get vaccinated in other parts of the country as well, because what you've got to remember is people have family, friends in other countries as well who will need the vaccine, so it's not a time to be selfish now. It's time for everybody to pull together and help each other and that includes us helping each other in this country, and when an opportunity is there to help other people in other countries as well.Fiona Bruce[00:25:52] Well, the question, Vaughan, is do you agree that vaccine nationalism is now the greatest threat to public health in the UK and Europe?

Vaughan Gething[00:25:58] No, I don't but I think everyone just needs to take a step back and calm down. I think the rhetoric for some of the comments and the commentary around this is really unhelpful for all of us. 

Fiona Bruce[00:26:07] Coming from where?

Vaughan Gething[00:26:10] From lots of different sides, actually, I think. I think it's been some of the European leadership I don't think has been helpful, some of the comments from this side I don't think have helped that either. What we do have is a situation where we have ordered more than enough to vaccinate the UK. The reality is we're going to vaccinate our population but we also need to see the balance that Nigel's referred to about how we have a balance in helping other parts of the world, Europe and others, and in Europe, now that there's clear acceptance on the safety and efficacy of AstraZeneca, they need to get on with vaccinating people with the vaccines they've got, and lots of this is about a commercial dispute between the European Union and the vaccine companies, and it's about us not muddying the waters and making it more difficult.Fiona Bruce[00:29:15] Okay, no, we've heard you make that point. Vaughan Gething[00:29:16] All the vaccines are safe and effective and let's get on with it. Fiona Bruce[00:29:19] Okay, talking about let's get on with it, we've got another question here from Craig Davis.Craig Unknown[00:29:22] Hi, right, it's today been announced that NHS staff in Scotland will get a four per cent pay rise that will be backdated to December 2020 to recognise the hard work they've done during this crisis. What should Wales do? Fiona Bruce[00:29:43] So this was announced yesterday in Scotland. Adam, a four per cent pay rise for NHS staff in Wales? Adam Price[00:29:48] I think we should match them, you know? That's the least that our NHS staff deserve, and, you know, if we don't give NHS staff a significant real terms increase in pay after everything that's happened in the last 12 months, what does it say about what we are as a society? We clapped them but let's turn that respect and support into something real, and do you know what?
Andrew RT Davies[00:09:56] 
I very much hope so, so long as the conditions are suitable and allow for that, because actually it will boom business to come to the best part of the United Kingdom, and that's what we need to be doing is promoting this as a golden opportunity for the staycation market here in Wales, but going back to the point that Daniel was making about travelling, I do hope that we get to a situation where we can travel at some point in this year.
Fiona Bruce[00:10:16] 
We've got a few more hands up here. Andy?
Andy Unknown[00:10:19] 
I personally think there's an opportunity to sort of suspend holidaying abroad and boost the British economy and the Welsh economy by holidaying locally, as Andrew just said, and I think that's hugely important, not to risk transmission coming in from abroad but I do think there's a situation where maybe people need to travel abroad to visit family members that they haven't seen for maybe 12 or 18 months so I think maybe special exceptions should be given for that kind of situation.Fiona Bruce[00:01:10] Our first question tonight is from Blair Wondin.
Blair Unknown[00:01:22] Hello. If the main Scottish elections return a full independence government, what moral and legal right does the Westminster government have to deny another independence referendum?
Fiona Bruce[00:01:32] Doug?
Douglas Ross[00:01:33] Well, I want to stop a pro-independence majority government, I want to stop the SNP having a majority at this election, as the Scottish Conservatives did five years ago. It was by people uniting behind the Scottish Conservatives that stopped that SNP majority in 2016, and people can do that again at this election. Douglas Ross [00:01:50] And I think it's so important because we're still coming through the health pandemic, we're still coming through the effects of COVID-19 that we've all been through and the restrictions for the last 12 months. And I really think we need a parliament that is focused only on our recovery, only on rebuilding after the last 12 months that we've all been through, rather than one distracted by another independence referendum.

Fiona Bruce[00:02:10] And given that Boris Johnson has already said that he will not grant a second independence referendum that's job done, isn't it? Why does anybody need to vote for you?Keith Brown[00:04:47] This is our chance to make our own decisions. And if you don't exercise power over yourself, somebody else exercises power over you and they do it in their interest and not in your interest. That's why we have to have the powers to have the right recovery for Scotland. 
Fiona Bruce[00:05:02] I'll come to you in a minute, I just want to hear a little more from the audience. Emma?
Emma Unknown[00:05:07] Hi there. I was previously an SNP vote, but basically I feel that your whole manifesto has been overridden by the fact that we want independence 05:19. Lorna Slater[00:07:21] The unionists want independence, the question of independence, to go away. Of course you want us to forget about independence and think about bringing the country together, but you can't sweep it under the rug.Fiona Bruce[00:07:31] Or concentrate on the recovery, which is what they want.Lorna Slater[00:07:33] Thanks to the Scottish Greens we have had a parliamentary majority for independence all these last five years, and I fully expect that, thanks to the Scottish Greens, we will have a parliamentary majority for independence this next parliamentary term. So the question is…Fiona Bruce[00:02:49] Do you want that uncertainty, Keith?Keith Brown[00:02:51] I want that referendum; and the UK has no authority to prevent that referendum taking place if the people of Scotland vote for that, which was Blair's question. And I should say on the issue of a wild cat referendum, the wild cat or renegade government in this country is the UK government. They've been taken to the Supreme Court, who struck down their decision to try and prorogue the UK parliament; they've signed international agreements with the EU which were immediately renounced afterwards; they've had ructions going on.Keith Brown [00:04:27] Yeah, if I can. I think this is a really important question and it's important because this is a really really important election, and I've stood in every single Scottish parliament election, this is easily the most important. So, you have two paths. One is if the UK is allowed to go ahead, for example, with the ability to sign trade deals which then start to undermine our NHS. If they default, as Douglas has already done, to tax cuts and austerity as their way to deal with the recovery, that's not going to suit Scotland.Fiona Bruce[00:03:43] Well, of course he says he will do exactly that. Let's hear from some of our audience from Scotland – Nirana?Nirana Unknown[00:03:49] Shouldn't the Scottish government, I want to ask Keith Brown, take the power focus…focus on power away from it and do welfare to Scottish population, which we need – education, health, industry, unemployment, all these problems are staring in our face. And that's the reason that the Scottish government, now the SNP, that the people would like to…people don't want to see another referendum.Fiona Bruce[00:04:25] Okay, Nirana, thank you. Keith, do you want to answer that briefly before I move on?Willie Rennie[00:07:46] What an arrogant assumption, to assume that you're going to win the election before anybody's voted.
Lorna Slater[00:07:48] So, the question is, what does that mean for who gets to decide on the recovery? So, we've seen what, for example, Boris Johnson considers recovery – more nuclear weapons, a tiny one per cent pay rise for nurses that's essentially a tax cut. And very…you know, Rishi Sunak doesn't say it on the telly but eight per cent cuts to public services. That is not recovery; that is grinding austerity, more grinding austerity.Fiona Bruce[00:03:19] Yes, but they haven't done anything wild cat about independence.Keith Brown[00:03:21] Well, I think trying to stop parliament from meeting is pretty wild cat to me. And the simple fact is that the people who should decide if there's a referendum are the people of Scotland. So, I don't think for a second Boris Johnson will continue to refuse to agree a Section 20 agreement. And it will be an agreement, we're not pleading for that, we want to have that, it's the best way to have the referendum. But he will not stand in the way of a referendum in Scotland if the people in Scotland vote for it.Douglas Ross
[00:02:17] Because Keith Brown, as deputy leader of the SNP, launched their 11-point plan for another independence referendum and said they would ignore Westminster; if they didn't get a Section 30 order, which is the route that was taken in 2014, they would ignore that and hold a wild cat illegal referendum anyway. And that would bring uncertainty when we should be focused on our recovery, and I don't want that uncertainty in Scotland over the next five years when our parliament has to be focused to protect people's jobs, to support the NHS, to rebuild our educational standards. All of these things would play second fiddle to a nationalist government who are only interested in separation.
Willie Rennie[00:06:25] I agree with Nerinda when she says that we need to focus on the people who are waiting, for instance, over a year to get mental health treatment; people who have lost out on education for the last year. What we need to do is to try and bring the country together; we won't get that with these two parties who are determined to feed off each other and the bitterness that's grown up over that period. What we need to do is to try and bring people…Fiona Bruce[00:06:48] And why do you think more people aren't listening to your message?Douglas Ross[00:05:54] Well, the question from Blair was about independence, which is why I answered about independence. But we hear from Emma, a former SNP supporter, saying she won't support the party now because they're putting independence above our recovery. What I'm saying as a Scottish Conservative is, we can stop that, we can stop the uncertainty and focus on jobs…
Fiona Bruce[00:06:12] Okay, you've made that point.
Douglas Ross[00:06:13] …focus on recovery, focus on education, all the things we want to focus on in the next parliament.
Fiona Bruce[00:06:16] Willie?
Willie Rennie[00:06:16] Yeah, I mean, this country has been bitterly divided for, what, ten years now with arguments over independence, then over Brexit and we've been through one hell of a year with the pandemic. Lorna Slater[00:08:00] For recovery there has to be investment, there has to be hope and opportunity, and that means looking at what kind of country we want to be and who gets to make the decisions about that country. And I think it's time we asked the people of Scotland again, who makes those decisions – the Brexiteer Tories in London or a government in Scotland that we've actually voted for?
Anas Sarwar[00:08:36] I think what you've seen already tonight is a preview of what could be the next parliament – we can choose something different. We can choose to recognise that COVID didn't choose between yes no, leave and remain; the aftermath is not going to choose between yes no, leave and remain. Emma Unknown[00:05:20] Personally, it's putting me off being an SNP voter and I'm having to look at other options. I'm actually sat on my postal vote because I don't really know – how can you convince me that another referendum is in the best interests of the country?
Fiona Bruce[00:05:30] Okay. John?
John Unknown[00:05:34] I was curious to ask Douglas Ross – Blair asked a fairly straightforward question and Douglas failed to answer it, as he does so many times, he just went off on a tangent about independence – why don't you answer the question about if there's a majority in parliament, isn't that enough?Willie Rennie[00:06:51] Well, what we need to do is to try and bring people together because we'll need the skills and talents of everyone in this country to get through this recovery. We won't do that if the country is divided by independence. And that's why I think it's most interesting that there are SNP supporters, and I've come across many of them, who are just sick to the back teeth of the divisions and they want to come together for a change. We can put aside our differences for the next five years to try and unite the country to get through this recovery; we owe it to these people to do exactly that.Douglas Ross[00:10:11] And we can, if we can get rid of that threat of an independence referendum.
Anas Sarwar[00:10:12] I think we can offer something better than what the political bubbles are offering right now. 
Douglas Ross[00:10:14] Because you rightly speak about the number on furlough; we know from the IFS…the Institute of Fiscal Studies are saying unemployment in Scotland could peak at 7.6 per cent this year. Yet Keith, you've said…
Keith Brown[00:10:24] It's lower than the UK; unemployment is lower in Scotland.
Douglas Ross[00:10:27] Keith, you've said you want a referendum this year.
Anas Sarwar[00:10:28] But, Douglas, you're right to say that about furlough and you're right to say that about unemployment, but the problem is… Fiona Bruce[00:14:30] I mean, clearly there are other NHS statistics that you could cite that aren't quite so favourable, but I hear what you say, Angela. Willie?
Willie Rennie[00:14:35] So, Fiona, let's take the issue of drugs. Scotland's got a terrible record on drug deaths – 1,256 people died, it's the worst in Europe, in fact it's the worst in the developed world, it's three and a half times what it is in England. And the confession from the First Minister was that through the independence debate she took her eye off the ball. And we know from the previous Justice Secretary that they didn't want to deal with the issue because it was too difficult and it might repeal people from voting for independence at the time. Now, that's what we could have multiplied in the next five years. If the SNP, and the Greens, allow us to have a parliament that's focused on independence, many many other things will be neglected. More people will die. This is real people's lives. We need to focus on dealing with the massive challenges we've got. Anas Sarwar[00:11:01] …at the very heart of your policies…
Keith Brown [00:11:03] Anas, you said today at your manifesto launch… 
Anas Sarwar[00:11:05] …and do you really want to spend five years of that nine years arguing about independence?
Keith Brown[00:11:08] …let's put aside things we disagree on and let's [voices overlap 11:09].
Fiona Bruce[00:11:09] Hang on, if you talk at the same time then I can't hear you and neither can anyone at home. Let…
Keith Brown[00:11:13] Well, Anas said today and it was in the manifesto, and it's a crucial point, this, let's leave aside the things that we disagree on – we disagree on spending billions of pounds more money on nuclear weapons, on the two-child policy cap, on the rape clause. Now on the [voices overlap 11:25] coming from the Tories.Anas Sarwar[00:08:45] And whilst we've been separated from our families like never before, we've actually come together as a country like never before to confront COVID. And one of the things that I think is missing, particularly from the SNP and the Tories, is they somehow want to ignore the fact that this isn't an ordinary election. This is a pandemic election when 10,000 of our fellow citizens have lost their lives, when 360,000 of our fellow citizens are on furlough… 
Fiona Bruce[00:09:11] But what will you do, Anas, if this election does return a pro-independence majority, will you just ignore that?
Anas Sarwar [00:09:17] Well, that's why, Fiona, I'm offering something different. I want us to choose something different…Fiona Bruce[00:12:05] Okay. Willie, I know you want to come back in. I'm just going to hear very briefly from the audience and then I'm going to come to you. Ryan?
Ryan Unknown[00:12:12] Yes, I would just say in response to the point that was made by Keith regarding the question of independence, I would just simply say that it seems as if we have a very simple choice in the next parliament, whether we spend it debating an issue that in reality was resolved almost seven years ago. And I know that people will make the case that things have happened since then, but we were told at the time it was a one in a generation vote, and we voted and we voted to stay part of the United Kingdom. And I just don't understand how, you know, you can make the argument how we're going to recover from this pandemic but at the same time we're going to spend two years…Keith Brown
[00:11:48] And we've done that with the bedroom tax.

Anas Sarwar
[00:11:49] Why don't we use the powers we have?

Keith Brown
[00:11:50] We've done that.

Anas Sarwar
[00:11:51] Why not focus on what we can do? You have been in government for 14 years.

Keith Brown 
[00:11:56] We can't change the two-child policy, we can't change the rape clause.

Anas Sarwar
[00:11:55] Nicola Sturgeon's been trying to change the rape clause for seven years and in that time the attainment gap has widened, our NHS has gone backwards not forwards.

Keith Brown 
[00:12:03] No, it's not.

Anas Sarwar
[00:12:03] And we have seen our children's mental health suffer as a result.Keith Brown
[00:19:42] You're asking me four questions at once here, Anas.

Anas Sarwar
[00:19:43]…and you're going to answer about referendums?

Keith Brown
[00:19:44] The point I'm making is, you want to give Boris Johnson…

Anas Sarwar
[00:19:46] Why not focus on what you have the power over?

Keith Brown
[00:19:47]…the power to veto what we have to do in order to prove whether it's spending billions of pounds more on nuclear weapons… 

Anas Sarwar
[00:19:55] And you know this is a pandemic.

Keith Brown
[00:19:53] Whether it's things like the rape clause, you're willing to say, let's put that aside and forget about it? 

Anas Sarwar
[00:19:57] Not at all.

Keith Brown
[00:19:58] I'm not and the SNP's not and we want a better society… 

Anas Sarwar
[00:20:00] But what about cancer here, what about suicides, what about drugs deaths?

Keith Brown
[00:20:00] …than what Boris Johnson does.

Douglas Ross[00:16:25] Scotland was once a world leader, it's now internationally average for education. And all these things we can do if we don't have the threat of a referendum hanging over us. And I'd just say to Keith, what do you think, tonight, listening to Emma, as a former SNP voter, saying the SNP are only focused on another independence referendum? That's after 14 years you've been in power – you're offering nothing new to the people of Scotland other than more division with another referendum.Keith Brown[00:16:53] Absolutely untrue [voices overlap16:54].Douglas Ross[00:16:54] But that's what Emma's saying.Keith Brown[00:16:56] If I can just answer the question, Douglas. If Emma would like to look at the manifesto, she'll see there is a mention, of course, of the referendum because we do think it's crucial to how we actually get through the pandemic. But the national care service, the increased funding for the NHS, the baby box continuing, the fact that we're going to have free school males for every child…and breakfasts and lunches for every child in primary school. There's a whole host of other stuff in there. 


Keith Brown[00:17:20] And as has been said by Angela, we are achieving fantastic results in our NHS, some tremendous things in education, there are difficulties as well but there are tremendous things. It's not the case the two are exclusive, as Angela says; it's possible to do these things at the same time.Douglas Ross[00:17:31] But what do you say [voices overlap 17:33].Lorna Slater [00:17:32] [Voices overlap 17:32].Keith Brown[00:17:33] There has been some joint working in the parliament, there's no question of that. But the idea you ask people to set aside, first of all, the main route to get through the pandemic of the same powers as other countries, resources, other countries have to deal with it, rather than wait, as we had to do over furlough, before it's a problem in the South East of England before furlough was granted again to Wales and Scotland – that can't be the way to deal with a pandemic. It is possible to concentrate on more than one thing at a time. Anas Answar [00:17:57] But Keith, how many [voices overlap 17:58].Fiona Bruce[00:13:36] Hang on a sec. Angela, you've got your hand up.

Angela Unknown[00:13:39] Nerinda mentioned at the very start about focusing on the independence referendum, or building the economy and recovering the health service. To me they're not mutually exclusive. We can still have an independence referendum and still focus on these areas. SNP has seen a huge rise in NHS spending. We've the most GPs, nurses, midwives, dentists and NHS staff per head across Britain. We have the best performing accident and emergency units, we have free prescriptions and eye tests. So, to me they are not mutually exclusive, we can still have an independence referendum and we can still focus on these key priority areas.Keith Brown
[00:09:42] People decide. The public decide. 

Anas Sarwar 
[00:09:45] Brexit took four and a half years of focus away from our country. Are we honestly saying that even in this midst of a pandemic we can't come together for the sake of the national interest and focus on our recovery? Are we honestly saying…? 

Douglas Ross
[00:09:57] But we can't come together, Anas. 

Anas Sarwar
[00:09:57] Are we honestly saying when 360,000 of our fellow citizens are at home on furlough, worried about if and when they'll have a job to go back to, and we're going to say, no, politicians want to go back to arguing with each other and we want to go back to those old arguments. I think we could do something different Keith Brown [00:17:57] And look at the Tories – they had the pandemic to deal with and they had Brexit and they went and pushed through a hard Brexit in the teeth of the pandemic. So, I'll take no lessons from Douglas Ross about trying to do two things at once.
Anas Answar [00:18:07] What about the things which you're losing?
Fiona Bruce [00:18:08] But do you think they did both those things well, then?
Keith Brown [00:18:10] No, I think it was appalling.
Fiona Bruce [00:18:12] Right, okay.
Keith Brown [00:18:10] And if you go back to the point that was made about the question of Brexit, in the referendum of 2014 we were told the only way to guarantee Scotland's place in the EU was to vote no. Well, people voted no and it's been changed, we're being dragged out of the EU against our will. But that's also one of the routes that we can have back to prosperity, a more equal and just country, if we get back into the EU and with the powers of on independent country.
Anas Sarwar [00:18:34] But Keith, let's go back to talking about what you do have the power over. Willie mentioned drugs deaths. How many times during this pandemic has someone picked up the phone to call the crisis mental health service and the call's gone unanswered?Douglas Ross[00:10:33] And if we can focus in on our recovery…
Anas Sarwar[00:10:36] But the problem you have, Douglas, is that you are just as determined to talk about division as Keith and Lorna are because you all… 
Douglas Ross[00:10:41] No, I'm determined to stop it.
Anas Sarwar[00:10:42] You all feed off division to suit your own political interest, not to suit the national interest. I would much rather we focused on what united us as a country rather than what divides…
Lorna Slater[00:10:53] How is Brexit and Tories in Westminster in the national interest?
Anas Sarwar[00:10:56] Can you imagine…? Lorna, you yourself have said that we've got to confront the climate emergency, we've got nine years to confront the climate emergency…
Lorna Slater[00:11:01] We do.Ryan Unknown [00:12:50] I think it's now the SNP's proposals are now saying they're going to wait now until 2023. You know, at least Alex Salmond in the Alba Party are saying they're going to just get on with it, they'd like to do one just straight after the election. I mean, I would actually…I'd prefer none of it but I'd go with that approach, it seems to be the better one to do. But I just think that's a simple choice – recovery, or debate stuff that we've already been debating for the last few years. 
And I just really don't see how this is going to change anything. I think we need a change in politics. I'd like to see a government of national unity working with each other and actually putting these old divisions aside and actually doing what's best for the country.
Fiona Bruce [00:13:30] Well, we've only been on air for about ten minutes but by the looks of it there's scant chance of that from what I can see here.
Keith Brown [00:13:34] But there is a chance of that.Lorna Slater[00:23:55] Our turbine launched today, it was excellent, the largest turbine in the world launched today from Dundee, it's on its way to Orkney. And this is how we manage the decline of the oil and gas industry; to tackle the climate emergency, to meet our legal requirements under the Paris Agreement, the oil and gas industry must decline. 
But that does not mean that we have to inflict hardship upon the people who work in that industry. 

The Scottish Greens would see a jobs guarantee for all oil and gas workers, to make sure that they have jobs to move to in renewable industries, in other subsea industries. Scotland has 25 per cent of all of Europe's offshore renewable energy. We have a huge amount of potential there and I know that workers like yourself would be excited to work in a sustainable industry, an industry that has a long future, an industry that is on the cutting edge. And like with the turbine launch today, Scotland is on the cutting edge of renewables and we would welcome you to come and join our industry with us, and let's work together to build a sustainable future for Scotland.Fiona Bruce[00:20:02] Okay. Moira, you had your hand up?Moira Unknown[00:20:05] Yeah, can you hear me?Fiona Bruce[00:20:07] We can.Moira Unknown[00:20:09] It just amazes me how they're always saying that Scotland's worse off. If you look at England as a whole, and other parts of the UK, I think that Scotland does quite well with our health service. The vaccination programme is better. There may be a problem with drugs but I don't believe that it's that much worse than in England, and it's always talked about it because the drug problems worse here. There's a lot more things worse. Homelessness, that's why there's so many people on the streets – what else have they got to turn to? They turn to drugs but that's not just exclusive to Scotland, it's all over.Fiona Bruce [00:20:42] Well, just in terms of the drugs deaths, the figures are considerably worse for Scotland, I'm afraid, that is just a fact.Fiona Bruce[00:23:00] And Alan, you work in the oil and gas industry – what's your perspective?
Alan Unknown[00:23:05] Yes, I do, I work in subsea sector. And we've had a number of challenges over the years, certainly in recent years, which has been exacerbated lately with the COVID-19 pandemic. But things seem to be stabling out a bit now but of course we now hear that the Green Party would like us to be ceasing production in the next ten years and potentially working alongside the SNP to support a majority there. Which is obviously a worry because it's a concern for people who work in the industry but also for further investment in the industry, which I think we need as a country.
Lorna Slater[00:23:43] Can I come in on that one? I absolutely understand your concern and I share the same concern for workers in the oil and gas industry. I'm a renewables engineer, I'm an electro-mechanical engineer, I work for a company that makes tidal turbines. Keith Brown[00:22:19] The best in the UK.
Willie Rennie[00:22:20] Yet your answer is, let's talk about independence. It's the best cover story that you've got. The reality is, you need to focus on doing your job rather than looking for power from somewhere else just because you don't want to talk about your failures in government. This is a failed government.
Lorna Slater [00:22:36] Those things can both be true.
Fiona Bruce[00:22:38] Okay, I'm just going to stop you here. I hear what you all say but I've got a number of questions I want to get through so I'm going to move on, forgive me. Let's hear a question from Alan Robertson.
Alan Unknown[00:22:48] Good evening. How does each party view the long-term future for oil and gas workers, with plans to scale back production in the new future, given the number of people in Scotland who desperately rely on it, especially younger workers?Fiona Bruce[00:25:50] Okay, no, you've made that point, so…
Lorna Slater[00:25:52] We can do more with independence but that also doesn't mean we can't do more with the powers that we've got. Willie is right to some extent when he says we could do more. Those things can both be true.
Fiona Bruce[00:26:00] Okay. Are you also going to pledge them to phase out fossil fuels within ten years?
Keith Brown[00:26:05] No, I think, to go back to Alan's question, back in 2013-14 when there was a real crisis in the oil and gas sector in Scotland, with a plummeting price, we instituted a number of revisions which allowed people to train out of those jobs into other jobs for that period. And I think what we now have to do is to ensure what people call a just transition so that people that are actually working in that industry can find a way through into new employment opportunities. So we would pledge to do that and also I think we…
Fiona Bruce[00:26:28] And so, when do you intend oil and gas production to stop, Keith?Keith Brown[00:26:31] Pardon?
Fiona Bruce[00:26:32] When do you intend it to stop?
Lorna Slater[00:26:33] That's a good question.
Keith Brown[00:26:34] Well, I do think it's very important that we should explore other avenues as well, so for example, carbon capture twice could've been started by the UK government and they pulled the plug on it. Keith Brown[00:19:15] Are you going to challenge the UK government with the cuts or do you just accept that Boris has got a veto over the things that we want to try [voices overlap 19:24] of our country?
Anas Sarwar[00:19:22] Keith, are you honestly going to…?
Keith Brown[00:19:24] The two-child policy cap, the rape clause, are you going to challenge that?
Anas Sarwar[00:19:25] Are you honestly going to be asked about cancer…
Keith Brown[00:19:27] Are you not going to challenge that?
Anas Sarwar[00:19:26]…and talk about independence? Are you honestly going to be asked about suicide and talk about independence? 
Keith Brown [00:19:31] You're doing the same as Keir Starmer.
Fiona Bruce[00:19:33] Okay, wait a minute, one at a time.
Anas Sarwar[00:19:36] Can I just clarify that, Fiona? Are you honestly saying that you're going to be asked about cancer and talk about referendums? You're going to be asked about suicides…Anas Sarwar
[00:30:30] But there's actually a wider North East economy point here, because Aberdeen in the surrounding areas is facing a crisis around oil and gas but it's also got a crisis around the hospitality industry and a crisis around the tourism industry. There is a real economic crisis in the North East and this is one of the reasons why recovery is so important. When we talk about recovery it just can't be a campaign slogan, it has to actually be a national mission. And the North East is a perfect example of that. Unless we push power and resource out from our parliament into the different parts of Scotland so they can invest in individual sectors, for example, the renewable industry...

Fiona Bruce
[00:31:08] Yeah, but Anas, in fairness, I know this is what you want to make in terms of your manifesto but the question is very specifically, how do you view the long-term future of oil and gas workers?

Anas Sarwar
[00:31:16] Well, the long-term future has to be one in which we transition to a renewables future, but we've got to start that hard work now. 

Keith Brown[00:21:59] [Voices overlap 21:59].

Willie Rennie[00:21:58] That's why we've got the highest drugs death rate in Europe.
Willie Rennie[00:22:00] That's why we've got 380,000 people who've been waiting for the 18-week treatment guarantee, a law that was put in place and it's been broken that many times. That's why we've not met our cancer waiting time since 2013; the A&amp;E time, we've not met that for years – all of these things on your watch, Keith.

Anas Sarwar[00:34:08] No, look, what we're saying is that we have a national recovery plan so we've deliberately slitched our manifesto into two parts and made it a recovery plan rather than a party manifesto, it's a recovery plan for our country. Fiona Bruce[00:34:20] But you've only provided costings for the first year so how can anyone actually work out how you're going to find the money for the whole term?Anas Sarwar[00:34:25] No, so what we're saying is that the investment we need to make immediately in the economy, and immediately around our public services, needs to happen on day one. We can't wait for the virus to disappear before we start planning for our national recovery.Fiona Bruce [00:34:36] So, when you have the Institute for Fiscal Studies saying that…Anas Sarwar[00:34:38] And there are billions of pounds…Fiona Bruce[00:34:38] …saying that there's no sense of how much your manifesto would eventually cost and how you pay for it, what's your answer to that?Anas Sarwar[00:34:44] Well, look, we've been very clear about what we do in terms of the immediate in terms of our national recovery.Fiona Bruce[00:29:35] Jo?
Jo Unknown[00:29:39] Yes, I just echo that. I think that this transition from oil and gas is inevitable so why are we not looking at retraining and upskilling people into renewables now rather than waiting for the inevitable to happen?
Fiona Bruce[00:29:55] Ruth?
Ruth Unknown[00:29:55] Yeah, absolutely. What I do see is that there is a gradual training, which is a damn sight more than the Tories did when the pits closed. I saw precious little training going on for the thousands of miners who just got put out and hung out to dry, you know, I didn't see any Tories screaming about that.
Douglas Ross[00:30:15] Well…
Fiona Bruce[00:30:15] I'll come back to you a minute, Doug, but let me just get round the rest of the panel. So, Labour's plans in terms of phasing out oil and gas, you've made no particular pledges on that?
Anas Sarwar[00:30:23] Well, look, we can only truly talk about a just transition if it takes communities with us, and if we decimate tens of thousands of jobs without a genuine transition to renewable jobs that's not going to be a fair transition or a just transition. Keith Brown[00:26:40] So, there are things we can do to address the effects of taking those hydrocarbons out of the ground but eventually we'll have to stop. Lorna's right, climate change is an existential threat to the planet – we have to deal with this. 
Fiona Bruce[00:26:52] So when do you think…?
Keith Brown[00:26:52] We should not be doing it at the expense of people that are currently in that industry and, whatever we do, we have to look after the families and the people involved there.
Fiona Bruce[00:26:58] Well, do you want to give us a timeframe, Keith, give us your plan?
Keith Brown[00:26:59] Well, I can't say specifically when it's going to stop, it will depend on the supply that's there just now of course. 
Lorna Slater[00:27:04] So, there you see one of the massive gaps in policy between where the SNP and the Greens are. So, we need to actually be practical about our obligations under the climate…under the Paris Agreement and to, you know, deal with this existential threat. And this is a problem that I have with the SNP approach of setting targets and putting their hopes in things like carbon capture when actually there are already practical technologies that work. Upgrading our rail system, investing in renewable technology and upgrading our homes are all things we can do to reduce our emissions right away, no need to wait.Willie Rennie[00:32:00] We need to make sure we exploit that potential as well. And if we reduce the demand there won't in time be the need for the oil and gas reserves that we have in the North Sea. But then we'll have created the jobs, the thousands…thousands and thousands of jobs will be created populating all that work to make sure that we can reduce that demand. That's the step by step way. It's the hard graft that needs to be done in order to make sure that we can make this just transition real, because we can't afford to do a repeat of the 1980s where we just left communities in the lurch. The one, in fact, that I leave in was left in the lurch with thousands of people unemployed for years on end, scarred for life – that cannot be done again. So we need to have this transition, and the transition is done by reducing demand, by using the new technologies to make full use of tremendous resources and the skills and the talents of people here. We should be able to create a massive number of jobs if we do this right. A cavalier approach will not [voices overlap 33:17].Fiona Bruce[00:33:18] Okay, quickly.Douglas Ross[00:42:35] No, I'd love to give it to the teachers, to the police officers in Scotland. One point one million people in Scotland who pay more tax here for doing the exact same job than anybody else in the United Kingdom.
Lorna Slater[00:42:44] But most people here pay less tax.
Douglas Ross[00:42:48] No, Scotland is the highest taxed part of the United Kingdom.
Lorna Slater[00:42:50] Because most people in Scotland pay…are in the lower band that pay less tax. Some people in Scotland pay more tax, though, but people who are…
Douglas Ross[00:42:59] One point one million.
Fiona Bruce [00:43:00] Okay. Let's get back to the question from Doug, which is how your manifestoes show vastly different spending promises, how can you explain how you're funded. So, you say your manifesto is fully costed, I had a look through that as well. There's some things I couldn't find, maybe I missed them, how much is free dental care going to cost?
Keith Brown[00:43:16] It depends exactly on the agreement we reach with the BDA but it could be around...Fiona Bruce [00:37:49] So, just to be clear, you're wanting to raise money through taxes that you don't actually have the power to raise money with at the moment?
Lorna Slater [00:37:53] That's kind of option A. Option B…
Fiona Bruce[00:37:56] Well, it's not an option at all at the moment, is it, because you don't have those powers?
Lorna Slater[00:37:58] Well, if the Westminster government won't work with us… We would like them to work with us on this. I mean, we're not an independent country yet. If we're really talking about the UK working together as a whole maybe…and if they want Scotland to show…you know, if they want to show Scotland how good that is.
Fiona Bruce[00:38:09] Do you think that's likely?
Lorna Slater[00:38:11] The plan B would be to do it using local taxation powers, but we'll have to wait and see how open Westminster is to working with Scotland on a joint recovery. I mean, it would be a very interesting thing. In terms of [also 38:24] paying with it, not only would we ask for, you know, the wealthy to help contribute, for example those companies who have done so fantastically well who've made billions off of the pandemic to…Douglas Ross[00:40:55] And then we have said, only at the end of the parliament, if we can, you know, rebuild our education system by recruiting 3,000 additional teachers at a cost of £550 million over the course of the parliament, we would look to get parity back in the tax system, if it is possible. Because 1.1 million Scots currently pay more tax right now for doing the exact same job than elsewhere in the United Kingdom.
Anas Sarwar[00:41:22] Well, that's more income or those at the top.
Douglas Ross[00:41:21] One point one million.
Lorna Slater[00:41:22] Tax cuts for the rich.
Fiona Bruce[00:41:24] Okay. I just want to hear a little bit more from our audience – Shelly?
Shelly Unknown[00:41:26] Hello. Douglas Ross, I'm struck by the various areas that you say for investment, but I don't hear you talking about people, I'm not hearing you talk about communities. The people who've been the most hit, I would say, are the disadvantaged. We're expecting a huge homelessness spike and a peak – how would you, kind of, see that the investment where you're going to place it is going to respond to any of these issues?Anas Sarwar[00:31:37] We keep hearing about the Saudi Arabia of renewables, we heard it from Alex Salmond before, we've heard it from Boris Johnson now, we're hearing it now from the Scottish government again. We've got to invest seriously and genuinely in those renewable jobs of the future so we can genuinely transition people from the oil and gas industry into renewables. And that work is not happening and [voices overlap 31:41] was a perfect example of that.
Keith Brown[00:31:44] Eighty per cent of our fuel is fuelled by renewables.
Fiona Bruce[00:31:43] Okay. Willie? 
Willie Rennie[00:31:46] So, what we need to do is we need to reduce the demand for oil and gas. That means making sure we change the heating in our homes. So, we want to convert from gas the heating in our homes to things like air source heat pumps and other renewables. We want to make sure we have district heating systems that uses hydrogen; also hydrogen for transport. We need to make sure the tremendous potential we've got off the shore and Lorna's talked about it already, with the wind farms, the great opportunities there, a huge resource. Fiona Bruce[00:35:33] So the costings are private, are they? Are they not there for everybody to see?

Willie Rennie[00:35:36] No, we've shared them with journalists.

Anas Sarwar [00:35:38] No, you've not, Will; no, you've not.

Willie Rennie[00:35:40] No, we have.

Fiona Bruce[00:35:41] Or not with the IFS. 

Willie Rennie[00:35:44] No, because we have.

Fiona Bruce[00:35:43] I just want to press you on that because we looked through your manifesto…

Willie Rennie[00:35:45] No, we discussed with the IFS yesterday, we've shared the costing with them. I'm not quite sure. We consult…

Fiona Bruce[00:35:50] So, when we look at your manifesto and you've only… there's no actual reference to exactly how you pay for things.

Willie Rennie[00:35:55] Okay. Well, let me explain, I'll explain. So, we've gone for the central estimate of the Scottish government's medium term financial strategy.Keith Brown
[00:44:30] Where's the money coming from?

Douglas Ross 
[00:44:30] It's a priority within the NHS right now, and every single party…

Keith Brown
[00:44:34] Where's the money coming from? 

Douglas Ross
[00:44:36] We have…

Keith Brown
[00:44:36] You've not identified it.

Douglas Ross 
[00:44:37] We've got the most generous….

Keith Brown
[00:44:37] [Voices overlap 44:37] savings, you've said.

Douglas Ross
[00:44:39] No, absolutely not, Keith.

Keith Brown
[00:44:40] You have.

Douglas Ross
[00:44:41] It's clear that we are going to focus that £600 million on…

Keith Brown
[00:44:45] Tax cuts.

Douglas Ross 
[00:44:46] On catching up the delayed appointments and treatments and operations that…

Fiona Bruce
[00:44:49] Have you not said that's going to have to come from within the existing NHS budget?

Keith Brown
[00:44:51] Yes, he did.
Fiona Bruce[00:44:52] So what will you have to cut to find that £600?
Keith Brown[00:44:54] No. So, what we've said is during the pandemic the UK government have provided the Scottish government with an additional £13.3 billion to deal with the pandemic. We want to use that money, £600 million of it, to give it to the clinicians, rather than the government saying how to spend that, to catch up. But every party is saying we've got to catch up on missed operations, delayed treatments, so how are you paying for it, Keith?
Fiona Bruce[00:45:15] Well, I'll tell you what, we've got a question on…
Keith Brown[00:45:16] How are you paying for it?
Fiona Bruce [00:45:17] Hang on, we've got a question on health, so let's hear from our questioner. Jude, you're sitting there very patiently in your beautiful blue room, incidentally – let's hear your question.Douglas Ross
[00:28:21] It's a first in the G7, but also Deirdre Michie was writing in the P&amp;J earlier on this week about the Green plans, and it's not just the 100,000 jobs in the North East and in Scotland, it's 270,000 livelihoods that rely on the oil and gas sector here in Scotland. And that's what we've got to protect and that's what Scottish Conservatives are doing with our plans.

Lorna Slater
[00:28:49] That's our way of planning to get 200,000 new jobs.

Fiona Bruce
[00:28:51] Okay, we hear you and we've heard lots from you, Lorna, thank you very much. Let's hear from you, George.

George Unknown
[00:28:55] Hi. I grew up in Aberdeen so in 2014 the oil crash I saw the impacts of it myself. And it was quite disastrous to the city as a whole because even jobs which aren't directly in the oil industry get lost due to just the crash and no money in the city. So if we don't do a transition now, or at least have a plan to transition into a greener economy, we could risk jobs which could be saved if we act now. And in general, I would say everyone on the panel you were all arguing, like, back and forth for independence but for climate change there's less shouting. So it's more positive to see but we just need to continue this into actual action rather than just words.Douglas Ross[00:40:12] Well, it's absolutely…if you think your manifesto is fully costed.Keith Brown[00:40:16] Well, maybe you should read it first, it's right here.Douglas Ross[00:40:17] It's going to cost more than double the current Scottish budget.Keith Brown[00:40:21] That's just a nonsense.Douglas Ross[00:40:20] So, that's typical fancy economics from the SNP. But in terms of our plans, it's focused on recovery, it's focused on investing, it's focused on supporting the NHS. IFS say the Scottish Conservative plans are the most generous for the NHS out of all the parties in this election.Fiona Bruce[00:40:34] But where are you going to get the money from?Douglas Ross[00:40:36] So, what we're saying, for example, there's £4.8 billion of unallocated capital spend in the Scottish government at the moment. We need to get that money out – so that drives our infrastructure growth right across the country, be it full fibre broadband, be it, you know, investing in more house building, the most ambitious social housing building programme since devolution that the Scottish Conservatives are putting forward. Douglas Ross[00:41:51] No, it's a great point, Shelly. That's why we want to build 60,000 new social homes in the next parliament, the most ambitious social housing project since devolution.
Willie Rennie [00:42:00] And cut universal credit [voices overlap 41:59].
Douglas Ross[00:42:00] That's why we want to roll out full fibre broadband by 2027, because one of the biggest things that we've seen during this pandemic is people not being connected with friends and loved ones. Why are we still in 2021 struggling with good Wi-Fi signals in many parts of Scotland? That's the type of investment that can connect people and communities all over again.
Willie Rennie[00:42:18] But, Douglas, why do you think it's a priority to give you and me and Anas and Keith and Lorna a tax cut, why do you think that's a priority?
Douglas Ross[00:42:27] Well, I am happy not to accept that… 
Willie Rennie[00:42:29] Oh come on.
Douglas Ross[00:42:30] …but I would like to give it to 1.1 million people in Scotland.
Willie Rennie[00:42:33] Oh come on. You're obviously embarrassed about it and that's why you're not going to accept it.Fiona Bruce [00:43:20] But how much do you think it would?
Keith Brown[00:43:21] Probably about £137 million.
Fiona Bruce[00:43:23] Where's that going to come from?
Keith Brown[00:43:24] That's going to come from the budget that we have. Willie mentioned before that the basis for drawing up budgets in the Scottish government is a central…an optimistic, if you like, and a less optimistic estimate. We've taken the central estimate, as Willie appears to have done, to calculate. So you know the money that's going to come in from Scottish taxpayers giving money to the UK Exchequer and the money we get back, and also from the Scottish taxation system which is both more progressive and less onerous than the UK system. But if I can come back to Douglas's point, he said that his is the only costed his manifesto – he couldn't answer the question where the £600 million of cuts in the NHS was going to come from.
Douglas Ross[00:43:55] Oh no, come on, Keith.
Keith Brown[00:43:57] Well, you had your answer, Douglas and I just want to...Fiona Bruce[00:47:52] But nonetheless I'm just thinking, it is a smaller increase in funding, there's no getting round that.Keith Brown[00:47:55] Well, there is actually. If the consequential…Fiona Bruce[00:47:58] Well, it's 2.1per cent versus 3.4per cent.Keith Brown[00:48:01] Well, I think those figures are disputed, the UK figures are disputed by experts. But if we put the two and a half billion pounds which I mentioned, and anything in addition to that, there are consequential monies, then it could be the case that the increase is even greater. Plus, as Willie rightly says, we also have an additional commitment to mental health services. And also, to the point he made about a link worker, for example, in every health centre. So, there are additional expenditures. And what we what to do is, by the time of the end of the next parliament, have one tenth of the entire NHS budget going towards mental health because of some of the problems. Keith Brown[00:48:30] But if I can just say, the NHS I think has done a fantastic job through the pandemic. They are tired, doubtless, but they've done a fantastic job.
Fiona Bruce[00:48:35] Well, let's hear from someone who works for the NHS who happens to be in our audience. Pippa, you're a junior doctor, I think?
Pippa Unknown[00:48:40] Yeah, that's right. I think it was referenced earlier the idea of a national care service. And my experience over the last year is that that's one of our main problems, not having safe and available places to discharge elderly and frail patients to. They're not always benefiting from acute admissions to hospitals and then they get a bit stuck and in hospital they're at risk of hospital carried infections, including COVID. And I think that's got to be one of the main points for discussion when we're discussing moving the health service in Scotland forward.Willie Rennie[00:46:10] But at the heart of this, we need to deal with the problem that pervades much of the public services, which is our mental health problem. We're not training any more psychiatrists and psychologists than we did five years ago. We need to have mental health first-aiders in every single work place so we can reduce the demand on the NHS. We also need to make sure that we're deploying the mental health counsellors that are in the community to be able to take the load off there as well. So, that will help significantly. We also need to localise health services because people have got used to health services being much more local, whether it's using the technology or in their local centre. We need to make sure that the specialists are available at a local level, again, to reduce the demand, to do the preventative work, so that we can actually get the NHS back on track. This has got to be one of our top priorities because we need to invest in our NHS to make sure people get the treatment that they need on time.Jude Unknown[00:45:25] Thank you. Is the NHS in Scotland ready for the task ahead to meet the needs of our patients, including COVID rehabilitation?Fiona Bruce[00:45:35] Right, so Keith, I know you want to come back. Willie, I'm going to start with you. You've talked about drug deaths already, let's look at those in the NHS.Willie Rennie[00:45:41] So, at the core of this we've got a mountain of mental health needs, we've got a mountain of people who are waiting for their operations, their appointments. And what we need to do is to use some of the new technologies and new ways of working that we've developed through the pandemic, to make sure that we can deal with this backlog as quickly as possible. We've got two and a half billion pounds of extra funding that's going to be committed to the NHS over this period, and that means we'll have the finance. Lorna Slater[00:39:28] We're not talking about taking pounds out of ordinary people's pockets, we're not talking about increasing taxes on your work. In fact, we believe that for the economy to function well we have to put money into people's pockets. And that's why we would support things like a universal basic income, for example, helping with child payments. So, this is about the very very wealthy paying a little bit more, not ordinary people.
Fiona Bruce[00:39:49] So, Doug, you want to cut business rates and lower taxes.
Lorna Slater[00:39:54] For the rich.
Fiona Bruce[00:39:55] How are you going to pay for everything, where's your magic money tree?
Douglas Ross[00:39:59] So, Doug's point is crucial because Scottish Conservatives are the only party in this election who, with our manifesto, published our full spending commitments. We have set that…
Keith Brown[00:40:07] That's not true.
Douglas Ross[00:40:09] Well, Keith, oh come on.
Keith Brown[00:40:10] And you know it's not true, we've got it fully costed.Fiona Bruce[00:47:16] So, Jude's question, Keith, is is the NHS in Scotland ready for the task ahead? Just looking at the funding again, you know, we've got the election coming up, obviously – why are you promising a smaller increase in funding than the UK government?
Keith Brown[00:47:29] Well, we've said, very similar to what Willie just said, two and a half billion pounds. And I think it's also true to say we start off from a higher per head expenditure on health services in Scotland.
Fiona Bruce[00:47:38] But, so why are you promising a smaller increase in funding?
Keith Brown[00:47:40] Well, but what we've also said is, if there are further consequences that come, we will allocate that to the health service. So I don't think it's possible to be definitive over what the UK does from a lower base compared to what Scotland does, and as the point that was made earlier…Anas Sarwar[00:34:50] So, there are billions of pounds of unallocated recurring and non-recurring spend available to the Scottish government after this election – I want to start spending that money straight away. Alongside that, I want us to build a new tax on online companies like Amazon. We should have an Amazon Tax in Scotland so we can redress the balance between those online giants that made huge profits over the course of this pandemic, and use that money to reinvigorate the high street and get people back to work.

Fiona Bruce[00:35:12] So, Willie, looking at the Lib Dems' manifesto, as far as I could see it's not really costed at all. I had a little count and in the entire 52 pages there are only eighteen pound signs.

Willie Rennie [00:35:25] Okay. No, we have costed our manifesto.

Fiona Bruce[00:35:28] Have you – how? I couldn't find it.

Willie Rennie[00:35:28] No, no, well, we've costed it and we can make the costings available to you if we wish. But what we've gone on is the sector…Willie Rennie [00:36:50] So, believe me, it is well affordable because I am determined to make sure that everything we promise is affordable and deliverable. We are not going to over-promise – it's cautious, it's got plenty of headroom and it means we can do things like making sure that we're going to get those million heat pumps in people's homes. It's making sure that we can employ those extra teachers so we can get bounce-back support in education, and that we can make sure that we can get a recovery in the NHS dealing with all these massive waits that people have got to deal with.
Fiona Bruce [00:37:23] Okay. Lorna, looking at the Greens manifesto I was a bit puzzled because you're planning to increase taxation using powers that you don't actually have at the moment, that you would only have if you were an independent Scotland like wealth taxes, for example – so how that's going to work?
Lorna Slater [00:37:38] Well, that's an interesting discussion that we would like to have with the government in Westminster. The government in Westminster has said that they are wanting to invest and look at the taxation system, so hopefully we can work with them. I mean, if we [voices overlap 37:49] on recovery.Fiona Bruce[00:50:58] And on investment, Anas, you're pledging to spend even less than the SNP.

Anas Sarwar[00:51:01] No, not at all.

Fiona Bruce[00:51:03] In the first year?

Anas Sarwar[00:51:04] No, not at all. So, what we're saying is…

Fiona Bruce[00:51:05] Three hundred and fifty million versus 500 million?

Anas Sarwar[00:51:07] You know, so what we need is rapid diagnosis centres, but we're not going to build the physical buildings and those rapid diagnosis centres in the time of weeks or months – so let's get temporary facilities up and running right now, so we can start that one.

Fiona Bruce[00:51:18] But just to be clear, in the first year, are you saying you're pledging to spend as much as the SNP on the NHS?

Anas Sarwar[00:51:22] So, what we're saying is there's much more longer-term capital investment.Fiona Bruce[00:43:59] Just let Keith make a point and then you can answer it.
Keith Brown[00:44:01] And if it's the case that he can't answer basic questions like that, and yet he accuses Nicola Sturgeon of taking her eye off the ball – which ball is he…? He's going to be First Minister, he's going to be an MP, he's going to be an MSP and he's going to be a referee – which ball are you going to be looking at when you drop the budget?
Douglas Ross[00:44:15] Keith, I'm sure someone wrote that for you this afternoon.
Keith Brown[00:44:17] Oh no.
Douglas Ross[00:44:18] And it looked great on paper.
Keith Brown[00:44:19] Can you answer it?
Douglas Ross[00:44:19] But we're speaking about your party's manifesto that is not costed. 
Keithr Brown[00:44:24] It is costed.
Douglas Ross[00:44:24] And you're asking about our £600 million investment to catch up on all the delayed appointments and treatments within the NHS.
Douglas Ross[00:27:36] Lorna said, Alan should be excited about the opportunities that the Greens would provide to him and his colleagues. And I didn't get from Alan's question that he was particularly excited about what the Greens would do in this next parliament and the next two parliaments to shut down production of oil and gas in the North Sea. Scottish Conservatives have been very clear, we want to protect the more than 100,000 jobs in Scotland that rely on that sector. The fact that…

Fiona Bruce[00:28:00] Well, though, in your manifesto, you say…

Douglas Ross[00:28:01] Sorry, I just want to quickly say…

Fiona Bruce[00:28:02] You say, the North Sea oil and gas has a long future decades ahead.

Douglas Ross[00:28:05] Yes.

Fiona Bruce[00:28:06] Yet today you know there is a huge global climate summit.

Douglas Ross[00:28:07] Of course.

Fiona Bruce[00:28:09] And you had Boris Johnson pledging to a big cut in carbon emissions – how are you going to keep those two things going in tandem?

Lorna Slater[00:28:16] It's totally incompatible.

Douglas Ross[00:28:16] Because the UK government has committed to a transition deal with the oil and gas sector – £16 billion to work with the experts and the people who have trained in oil and gas over decades, to transition to greener forms of renewable energy.
Willie Rennie[00:15:00] We've got a climate emergency, we've got NHS waiting times that are as long as your arm, we've got an attainment gap that is as wide as ever. And we've got mental health waits, people waiting an age, young people waiting for a year, it's appalling. That's what we should be focusing on. We've got enough on our plate without arguing more about independence. Let's bring everybody here together. There are a lot of talented people in the parliament that could actually resolve things. We did it through the pandemic; we did some tremendous cross-party work on dealing with a massive challenge. I want more of that rather than more of the division that is inevitable even with the best of intentions of having a debate that's fruitful. We will have divisions and the divisions will lead to us taking more eyes off more balls and more people will lose their lives. This is very serious and we do need to focus.

Fiona Bruce[00:16:18] Doug?

Douglas Ross[00:16:18] We do; and that's where I believe we can, if we stop that SNP majority, focus on the recovery, on rebuilding, on drug deaths, on supporting the NHS, on rebuilding our educational standards.Keith Brown 
[00:09:20] That's [voices overlap 09:20].

Anas Sarwar 
[00:09:21] …and to have a different alternative.

Fiona Bruce
[00:09:23] But will you ignore that pro-independence majority?

Anas Sarwar
[00:09:24] Well, look, I'm going to make the case…

Lorna Slater 
[00:09:25] Keeping us in the union isn't different; that's more of the same – we can do something different.

Anas Sarwar
[00:09:31] No, absolutely not because, Lorna, the mistake that you make and, with respect, Keith and to some extent Douglas makes, is that you want to pretend that somehow it's some kind of light switch moment, that we can just decide to have a referendum and decide to have independence and it's a light switch moment and it doesn't take years of focus. Fiona Bruce[00:51:24] Oh so it's this long term that we don't know about…Anas Sarwar[00:51:26] No, no. I want…Fiona Bruce [00:51:25] …but in the first year it's not as much.Anas Sarwar[00:51:27] No, I want us to start that work straightaway in terms of building that capital infrastructure, but it's going to take time to get that capital infrastructure into place. Well, we can't afford to wait.Fiona Bruce[00:51:35] So I think that's a no, okay.Anas Sarwar[00:51:36] No, we can't afford to wait for the buildings to be built before we start catching up on the screening programmes. So let's invest in the work force and that means increasing the level of the work force, it means doing things differently. That involves paying our NHS staff better as well as our social care staff.Keith Brown[00:51:48] Decent wage increase, yeah.Anas Sarwar[00:51:49] So, we want a £12 an hour pay increase for social care staff rising to £15 an hour over the course of the next parliament.Fiona Bruce[00:51:55] Okay.Anas Sarwar[00:51:55] We want a mental health worker in every GP practice. We want rapid diagnosis centres, we want to prioritise on mental health. Keith talks about the budget – we currently spend eight per cent of our budget on mental health, the UK average is around 11.5 per cent.Fiona Bruce[00:52:07] Okay. I need to get round the rest of the panel, Anas, forgive me or they won't have time. Doug?Douglas Ross[00:52:11] So, our NHS staff and social care staff have gone above and beyond over the last year, and they're going to continue to do so. And what we've heard from both Judith and Pippa…Fiona Bruce[00:52:18] So, why did you refuse to back the SNP proposal of a four per cent increase in the NHS pay? I mean, you've now done a U-turn, I think, and you now do support it.Douglas Ross[00:52:25] No, it was never a U-turn, we were being asked totally different questions. But we are clear that we…Fiona Bruce[00:52:29] Well, you said you'd wait for the pay review, there hasn't been a pay review but you do now support the four per cent?Douglas Ross[00:52:32] Absolutely – support the four per cent, but it's still out for consultation and it'll be after the election before we understand the outcome of the ballot that will be taken on that.Douglas Ross[00:52:40] But we do have to support our NHS and social care staff because it's not just the last year that's been so difficult, the next year is going to be really difficult. That's why we want to invest hundreds of millions of pounds in the next year to catch up because people were waiting a long time for appointments and operations before COVID hit. And many of them were just getting ready to go into hospital for urgent operations, hip replacements, just as COVID hit and now they've been left another year waiting. And I say again, the IFS has said the Scottish Conservative plans for the health services and funding for the health service are the most generous in this election because we can see that's where the priority is.Keith Brown[00:53:19] That's why you have tax cuts.Douglas Ross[00:53:20] That's where the priority is for everyone speaking on the call tonight because they want to get us to catch up on operations, on treatments that have been missed, on appointments that have been delayed, and that's why we need to invest over the next year.Fiona Bruce[00:53:30] Lorna?Lorna Slater[00:53:31] I think Judith described very clearly three of the long-term trends that we've seen in healthcare in Scotland and indeed in the UK that I think are concerns – increase in mental health problems, problems with not having care places to put people in that have, you know, led to the sort of bed blocking and that kind of problems; and chronic health problems that we see that really are a result of poverty and inequality. Lorna Slater[00:53:50] So, we've all talked about the, kind of, acute issues, addressing the immediate issues of COVID. But let's also look at the bigger picture and look at restructuring our economy because those are all things we can do something about. We can work together cross-party to build a national care service to stop that bed blocking, to lift the pressure on the NHS. We can work together to alleviate poverty in Scotland, to implement fair policies, living wages, a universal basic income, affordable housing so that people don't suffer from that kind of grinding poverty. And things like reliable income, you know, fair work, knowing that you're going to have the money at the end of the month to pay the bills – that goes a long way to alleviate the kind of mental health crisis that we do see in Scotland. Lorna Slater[00:54:45] So, alleviation of poverty goes a long way to doing those things, you know, good work, fair wages, all these things go a long way to that, and so will the national care service. All of this is part of rebalancing our economy, and I look forward to getting to work on it.Fiona Bruce[00:54:56] Okay. Jude, you asked this question, what do you think of what you've heard?Jude Unknown[00:55:01] Yeah, I would welcome, of course, any solid investment and commitment to community-based rehabilitation services. I think the investment is a genuinely important element. I also think we should be aiming for a joined up approach across acute services and community services. Jude Unknown[00:55:14] We need to have a multi-professional approach to this and we need to really support these patients right across their journey of rehabilitation. The 2009 NICE guideline tells us that we need high-quality rehabilitative services for any patient suffering a serious illness, and that includes COVID. And I believe that we have the staff, allied health professionals, we have these staff with the skills to be able to work across a range of…to meet a range of patients' needs, including physical and mental health. And I feel we just need that joined up approach but also the investment that comes along with it.Fiona Bruce [00:55:56] And Lynne, you've had your hand up throughout.Lynne Unknown[00:55:59] I actually was going to say something very very similar. I get really frustrated listening to politicians talk about what Health needs and to quote statistics and figures. I work with young people and I can't echo more the need to see health holistically tied up with that whole development of people, especially young people. How many problems and health issues could we prevent in the years to come?Fiona Bruce[00:56:24] And do you think you're seeing that from any of the politicians you've got here today?Lynne Unknown[00:56:29] I'm disappointed, if I'm honest, I'm disappointed.Fiona Bruce[00:56:36] Okay. Ryan?Ryan Unknown[00:56:37] Yeah, I would just say that I just find it, kind of, not overly surprising but just amazing that the same people who have for the last year voted for these really tight restrictions on our civil liberties and freedoms then discuss how they're going to fix the problems that have been caused by those laws in place. And I know that the response will probably be that we'd no alternative but this has been a year now, we've had a year to really think about things.Douglas Ross [00:20:47] And not just in the UK but across Europe – the highest drug deaths anywhere in Europe. And we know that has doubled since Nicola Sturgeon became First Minister seven years ago. So, when she says she took her eye off the ball, that has led to thousands losing their lives, and families being ripped apart because of that devastation of losing a loved one so early. So we have to focus on drug deaths, we have to focus on education.
Lorna Slater[00:21:10] Are you going to repeal the Misuse of Drugs Act, Douglas, because that stops us from having the powers that we need in Scotland to treat drug deaths as a social issue. 
Douglas Ross[00:21:17] I…
Lorna Slater[00:21:17] We have an excellent history in Scotland of treating things like knife crime, things like minimum alcohol pricing for minimising the harm, but our hands are tied when it comes to the Misuse of Drugs Act.
Douglas Ross[00:21:28] But, Lorna, I agree with you.
Lorna Slater[00:21:28] Because that is a UK law, it's out of date; the war on drugs has failed and it is…Willie Rennie[00:36:00] We've committed a billion pounds of extra spending. That's for things like three and a half thousand permanent teachers, to make sure that we increase the spending on the NHS, the mental health spend of £400 million. The two and a half billion pounds on top of that billion is for the NHS, and then we've left plenty of headroom to be able to afford an increase in pay for social care workers but also…
Fiona Bruce[00:36:24] And so, where it's going to come from?
Willie Rennie[00:36:26] Well, the medium-term financial strategy, which is a cautious document which has been based on the work from the Office of Budget Responsibility and the Fiscal Commission in Scotland.
Fiona Bruce [00:36:36] So it's not a magic money tree…
Willie Rennie[00:36:37] It's not. 
Fiona Bruce[00:36:37] …but where it's going to come from?
Willie Rennie[00:36:38] Well, I've explained – it's the medium-term financial… It's roughly the same approach that the Scottish government has taken in terms of picking the central estimate. And it's allowed for plenty of headroom to be able to afford unexpected events over the next period.Lorna Slater
[00:38:30] I think it's a one-time windfall tax would be reasonable to help the country recover. But we would also, you know, expect the wealthy to pay more. We've got to rebalance the inequalities in our society. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:38:45] So you want to raise taxes, okay. Debbie?

Debbie Unknown
[00:38:48] Hi there, good evening. I'm just wondering how the Green Party can justify the increase through taxation when part of their manifesto is looking towards moving to a four-day working week. Surely, people need to earn more money to raise additional taxation.

Lorna Slater
[00:39:10] That is an excellent question and thank you very much for asking it. So, the kind of taxes that we're looking at are windfall taxes on massive corporations and, for example, a wealth tax on people who have assets of over a million pounds.

Fiona Bruce 
[00:39:22] So, again, this is the tax that you have to get the government…the UK government to agree to hand over to you, but at the moment you don't have that power.
Anas Sarwar[00:11:25] [Voices overlap 11:25] in Scotland do something about it.Keith Brown [00:11:25] We disagree, and you cannot ignore those things, Anas, you have to front up to them if you want to form part of the government and if you want to be seen as [voices overlap 11:32] as challenging it.Anas Sarwar[00:11:33] You're right. Keith, you're right…Keith Brown[00:11:33] The Tories are after the powers of the Scottish parliament… Anas Sarwar[00:11:36] Well, let me give you an example.Keith Brown[00:11:37] Somebody has to stand up to it and it's not going to be the Labour Party, unfortunately.Anas Sarwar[00:11:39] Well, let me give you an example, Keith. You've mentioned two policies right there. We have welfare powers in Scotland to top up any new benefit we wish and to create any new benefit we wish.Keith Brown[00:18:46] Well, you've obviously checked that fact.
Anas Sarwar [00:18:47] Twenty-five thousand times someone's picked up the phone and the call's gone unanswered. How many children are waiting over a year for their mental health support right now? Fifteen hundred children missing out on mental health support or waiting over a year. How many undiagnosed cancers have there been in the last year?
Keith Brown[00:19:01] I've got…well, hang on….
Anas Sarwar [00:19:02] Seven thousand undiagnosed cancers.
Keith Brown[00:19:03] Are these questions to be answered or just a series of questions, Anas? 
Anas Sarwar[00:19:03] And if you don't know the answers to those questions… 
Keith Brown[00:19:05] It's not the Anas Question Time Show.
Anas Sarwar[00:19:07] You're in power for 14 years and they are huge challenges. 
Keith Brown[00:19:10] That's the question…you can answer some of these questions, Anas.
Anas Sarwar[00:19:11] They are huge challenges [voices overlap 19:13].
Keith Brown[00:19:13] How are you going to do this without the full powers of independence? Are you going to challenge the nuclear weapons? 
Anas Sarwar[00:19:16] Are you honestly, Keith…?Fiona Bruce
[00:24:54] So, you've hitched your wagon, not officially but nonetheless you are supporters of the SNP in government. The SNP are not pledging to phase out fossil fuels within ten years – so are you putting independence before climate change?

Lorna Slater
[00:25:11] So, we have no formal relationship with the SNP. We happen to agree with them on independence but actually on many other policies there is a lot of…

Fiona Bruce
[00:25:17] You supported their budget and you've supported them in parliament.

Lorna Slater 
[00:25:19] Every party has the opportunity to negotiate the budget.

Fiona Bruce
[00:25:22] I'm just checking, is independence more important to you than climate?

Lorna Slater
[00:25:26] The climate is the most important thing, absolutely the number one thing. We have nine years left to make fundamental changes to how our society and economy works. And you'll see in our manifesto that it is a plan for a fair and green recovery from the pandemic. We feel that independence is an important question to ask because in order to implement the full suite of changes we need to build the economy we want, we can do more with independence.Douglas Ross[00:33:18] All the other parties are ignoring the fact that this is already happening. The oil and gas sector are already taking part in this transition. We are taking them with us, with the UK Government's £16 billion transition deal to make sure that goes further to protect the jobs. But it's absolutely vital that people understand that's already happening in the North East and across Scotland right now because it's being led by the sector, by the Oil and Gas UK and by people like Alan who are doing the work right now.Fiona Bruce[00:33:42] Okay. Let's take another question. Doug Renwick.
Doug Unknown[00:33:46] The various party manifestoes show a vastly differing spending promise. Can you please each explain the key sources for the fund of the spending – do not involve a magic money tree. Thank you.
Fiona Bruce[00:34:03] Right. Well, I've been having a close look at all your manifestoes and it's been a rather interesting read. So, Anas, so let's start with you – you're only giving spending promises for the first year.
Judith Unknown
[00:50:05] And patients have been told don't…you know, have been afraid to go and see the doctor no matter whether we've told them to come, they haven't. And we're going to see more pandemics. So, I just see all of these trends happening and I'm not convinced we're doing enough about it.

Fiona Bruce
[00:50:25] Okay. Anas?

Anas Sarwar
[00:50:26] I think, Judith and Pippa are both right, our NHS staff have gone…and social care staff have gone above and beyond over this pandemic. But the reality is they were overworked and undervalued even before the pandemic, and we had a huge backlog on care around cancer, around missed and cancelled operations or in mental health even before the pandemic, and they have now been exacerbated by the pandemic. And the only way we're going to address these issues is fundamental, yes, investment – that's investment in terms of capital infrastructure, it's changing the way we do healthcare, but it's also about…Fiona Bruce[00:49:19] 
And Judith?
Judith[00:49:20] 
Yes, thank you. I work in the biotech industry and I would say the health care system in Scotland, or in the UK for that matter, is not prepared for what is coming. There is a tsunami of conditions that are coming our way. I work particularly in Alzheimer’s disease. And Alzheimer’s disease was a leading cause of death in the UK up until COVID took over, but recently, with the decline in COVID deaths, Alzheimer’s disease has once again taken that unfortunate top spot.But there’s a number of diseases, whether it’s chronic neurological diseases or neurodegenerative diseases, the consequences of cardiovascular disease, which are still growing, cancers which are still an issue. And then we’re dealing with the mental health issues and we’re also dealing, on top of that, with the diseases that haven’t been adequately treated during the COVID pandemic because some many resources have been directed towards COVID.Fiona Bruce[00:01:05] So let's take our first question tonight, which is from Chris Sharp,
Chris Unknown[00:01:15] Thank you, Fiona. What is the point of the Labour Party?
Fiona Bruce[00:01:22] Well, that gets straight to the point, doesn't it, Lisa?
Lisa Nandy[00:01:25] Well, the point of the Labour Party is to go out and deliver a fairer, better, more just country, the sort of the country that we haven't seen for quite some time. We went into this pandemic with our foundations very, very weakened, huge strain on our public services before COVID even hit, huge lengthening waiting lists in the NHS, A&amp;E overcrowded and a crisis of social care, and many, many parts of the country that had seen economic decline and austerity for some time. And we've got to go out…Lisa Nandy[00:02:40] And why does it matter? I'll tell you why, because when I look at this government, what I see is a decade of broken promises. They've stripped money out of our communities while telling them they're going to level them up, they say they'll invest in our people and then they cut nurses' pay. They say they'll fix social care and then we have a Queen's speech where they failed to do it. It is not good enough. When it comes to the crunch, when they are asked to make big major decisions they are not on the side of the those communities.Lias Nandy[00:03:00] And that's why we've got to stop the introspection in the Labour Party, we can win, we are winning in parts of Britain, and we're going to go out and fight for the future of this country.Fiona Bruce[00:03:23] Michelle?Michelle Dewberry[00:03:24] Well, I think Chris is…her question is very key. The Labour Party, I think they are in the midst of a serious identity crisis at this moment in time. Everybody probably by now will have read Tony Blair's piece and have opinions on it where he said the Labour Party almost needs to be deconstructed and reconstructed. I completely agree. Fiona Bruce[00:01:55] And none of that was enough to convince voters in the recent elections, was it? So what's the point of the Labour Party…

Lisa Nandy[00:01:58] Well, look, let me…

Fiona Bruce[00:02:00]
…with the situation the Labour Party's in right now?

Lisa Nandy[00:02:01] Let me say this to you. I don't buy this at all. I've been re-elected four times in Wigan over the…

Fiona Bruce[00:02:05] Don't buy what at all, exactly?

Lisa Nandy[00:02:07] The idea that there is…that the local elections show that there is no support for the Labour Party in this country and I'll tell you why.Michelle Dewberry[00:04:26] I have not been elected once, but I tell you what, if it wasn't for people like me, the Brexit Party at the last election, there would have been way fewer Labour MPs than there are now. And this is one of the problems. In 40 years Labour have won, I think, three elections. And if you continue as you are now, in my view, you will be unelectable for a very long time to come.
Lisa Nandy[00:04:50] But what do you actually want us to do? Because I've heard lots of talk about deconstruction, but very little, particularly from the Brexit Party, about how you solve some of the problems for people in this country.
Michelle Dewberry[00:04:59] Well, first things first.
Lisa Nandy[00:05:00] People need good jobs in this country, they don't need more division, which is all the party that you stood for was offering.Fiona Bruce
[00:02:13] Well not that there's not none…

Lisa Nandy
[00:02:13]
Because if you look across, if you look across the country…

Fiona Bruce
[00:02:14]
…but there's not an awful lot.

Lisa Nandy
[00:02:16] In Greater Manchester, where Andy Burnham was winning in very different places like Manchester and Wigan, where I've been elected four times in the last decade, if you look at parts of the country like Wales where Mark Drakeford is delivering for those communities the most successful UK vaccine rollout in the whole of the United Kingdom, if you look at Bristol where Marvin Rees is delivering clean energy, better buses and a living wage, I think our job is not to do navel gazing, no more pamphlets, no more self-introspection, our job is to go out and show people that we can deliver for the people of this country. 
Lisa Nandy[00:10:20] This is the sort of arrogance that will not serve you well.
Robert Buckland[00:10:22] It's not arrogance, it's not arrogance.
Lisa Nandy[00:10:23] In 2019 the Prime Minister said he was level up this country. And then what has he done in this Queen's speech? He's broken his promise to fix the social care crisis. Who shoulders the loss of those promises the most? It's people in places like Hartlepool where the population is ageing, where they're at the sharp end of the social care crisis…
Fiona Bruce[00:10:41] Okay, I'm going to stop you.
Lisa Nandy[00:10:41] Break promise after promise and it will not serve you well.
Robert Buckland[00:10:42] We're listening to the public, you're just talking to yourselves.
Michelle Dewberry[00:10:46] Very briefly…
Fiona Bruce[00:10:48] No, Michelle, I'm sorry, just wait one second, because in this room we also listen to the public and there's lots of hands up in our audience, so I just want to hear and then I'll let you all come back in. And Kate, you're sitting there very calmly and quietly, I will come to you as well. Jo, you've got your hand up, let's hear from you.Robert Buckland[00:09:13] Don't lecture me about ordinary people.
Lisa Nandy[00:09:15] I will lecture you about that. It was laid bare today.
Robert Buckland[00:09:16] I was elected four times.
Lisa Nandy[00:09:18] It's disgraceful.
Robert Buckland[00:09:19] I was elected four times, and I've been elected four times in a town full of ordinary people, Swindon, which used to be a Labour seat. Now are you telling me that the people of Swindon are stupid or thick or wrong because they voted Conservative?
Lisa Nandy[00:09:31] No, I'm not…I'm not telling…
Robert Buckland[00:09:32] Because that's the message that's coming across from the Labour Party.
Lisa Nandy[00:09:34] Hang on a minute, are you telling…
Robert Buckland[00:09:35] You're insulting the voters and that's no way…
Lisa Nandy[00:09:37] Are you telling me that people in places like…
Robert Buckland[00:09:38] …that you're going to ever have a hope of power. You don't deserve it.Michelle Dewberry[00:07:11] This is my point, do you think Brexiteers…Paul Mason[00:07:13] Wait a minute, let me finish.Michelle Dewberry[00:07:14] …are racist, Paul?Paul Mason[00:07:15] No, no. I do think the Brexit Party is a racist party, absolutely.Michelle Dewberry[00:07:17] Do you think Brexiteers are racist?Paul Mason[00:07:19] No, no, because at one point I was one myself, as the presenters of Question Time…Michelle Dewberry[00:07:23] You do a very good job of pretending that that is what you think, then.Paul Mason[00:07:25] Well, you don't know, I'm sorry, that I was on Question Time and argued that we should accept Brexit, okay. Now, let me come back to this. The point is, the weekend, that old thing, Saturday and Sunday off, that's what Labour brought you. The NHS, that old thing, free healthcare, that's what Labour…Fiona Bruce[00:07:42] Yeah, but the question is what's the point of the Labour Party now.Paul Mason[00:07:45] Yes, well, the point of it now is to bring the modern equivalence, which is a better healthcare system, a social care system so that people whose elderly relatives needing full-time care do not end up losing all their savings. That's what we've…that Labour has argued consistently.Michelle Dewberry[00:05:05] Yes, so let's just be clear, by the way, because I know Paul's itching to get in as well, so I don't represent the Brexit Party. I ran firstly as an independent and then I ran secondly as a Brexit Party candidate. I'm not involved with that party, which is now Reform, so I'm not sitting here, absolutely not, as a representative of any political party at all. And Paul will come in now, but in answer to your question, what do I want you to do, well, I want you to decide who it is that you represent. I would like you to move more back towards the centre, stop with all of these bizarre identity politics, which turn people off…
Lisa Nandy[00:05:37] That's not us.
Michelle Dewberry[00:05:38] And very briefly before…because I know Paul wants to come in, there was a cartoon, I think it was in Private Eye, and the cartoon depicts a Labour councillor knocking on the door saying something along the lines of why won't you xenophobes vote for us any more in Labour, and this is the point. You see a lot of Brexiteers as racist, xenophobic…Michelle Dewberry[00:03:45] I think at the moment you, the Labour Party to me, feel more concerned about identity politics than they do about representing what used to be their base, which was the traditional working classes. Even one of your own MPs said that there's more talk about should we be pulling the Churchill statue down as opposed to building up…
Lisa Nandy[00:04:07] From the Prime Minister, not from the Labour Party.
Michelle Dewberry[00:04:08] …the working classes people. Pardon?
Lisa Nandy[00:04:11] From the Prime Minister, not from the Labour Party. I can tell you, nobody in my constituency in Wigan was talking about it. They couldn't understand at all why the Prime Minister was obsessed by it. And let me say this to you, Michelle, as well. I've been elected four times in the last decade by working class people in Wigan. How many times have you been elected at all?Tony Unknown[00:13:45] They've just squandered £50 million of public money building themselves a new headquarters on a flood plain next to the River Wear, unbelievable. And then spent more money for flood defences, and then spent even more money to have a roof terrace. Where does it all end? Because they didn't listen they've been voted out and that's going to happen and happen again. So, Lisa, you should take the message back to your leaders, start listening to what the public wants, start listening and you might get some good advice.Fiona Bruce[00:14:12] Kate, let's come to you.Kate Forbes[00:14:14] Well, talking about elections, and we've had a lot of talk of elections already this evening, we've just had one in Scotland in which the majority of voters rejected Labour and the Conservatives, and so the SNP get the biggest vote share in the history of the Scottish Parliament. And it's a very appropriate question, because we've seen the Labour Party get their worst result in Scotland, they've lost seats, they've seen the worst vote share and I guess having changed leaders both in Scotland and across the UK it's quite clear it wasn't about the messenger, it's about the message. You can change the leader, but that's not changing the results. And my question would be what does Labour stand for, because there's two key flaws, as I see it, from Scotland. Paul Mason[00:21:35] You haven't won a seat in South Wales, in Llanelli.
Robert Buckland[00:21:37] I was a councillor in Llanelli, I was a Tory right, I actually broke through and won there and I represent a town now which is a working town in Swindon, I'm proud to represent it. This is the problem, people don't like being insulted. When you say that the Tories are a bunch of crooks and they're the upper classes and that they're monied classes, it's not only wrong, it's disrespectful. Learn some respect about politics and then people like Martin might give you an audience.
Fiona Bruce[00:22:02] Right, I'm going to…Paul, I'm sorry to cut you, but we're not going to get any other questions in unless I step in, so let's take a question now from Tim, Tim Down.
Tim Down[00:22:12] Hi, Fiona, panel. Does the SNP really have a mandate for a second independence referendum?
Fiona Bruce[00:22:20] I was going to come to you actually on this, Robert. I wonder why.
Robert Buckland[00:22:24] I think last time when the referendum was agreed, remember David Cameron, the Conservative government…
Fiona Bruce[00:22:31] Oh, I certainly do remember it, I think we all…
Robert Buckland[00:22:32] agreed to a referendum, there was a consensus actually in the Scottish Parliament and amongst the political parties. Everybody agreed, the Conservatives agreed, Labour agreed, everybody agreed within the Scottish Parliament that the time was ready for a referendum. And of course, we know what the result was. Now we're not in that position.Fiona Bruce[00:24:08] Kate.

Kate Forbes[00:24:10] Well, Robert's party won less of a vote share in 2019 and used that as a mandate to push through a hard Brexit that Scotland rejected. In last week's election we got almost 48 per cent of the constituency vote. There is a clear mandate with a majority of pro-independence MSPs in the Scottish Parliament. There were clear commitments in our manifesto, in the Greens manifesto. Usually opposition parties and journalists are holding us to account to deliver our manifesto and in that manifesto there was a clear and set out position for another independence referendum. Now I agree to an extent we have said that our focus right now is on the crisis and when the crisis is past we should give that opportunity to the people of Scotland to have a say on whether they want their future to be dictated to them by a Conservative government the majority of Scotland has rejected…

Fiona Bruce[00:25:12] Kate, let me ask you this, if Nicola Sturgeon has…

Kate Forbes[00:25:15]…or whether or not we should…Fiona Bruce[00:08:02] And where's it lost its appeal then?Paul Mason[00:08:04] Well, I'll tell you where it's lost its appeal. First of all, where it's lost its appeal is in the small towns that me and Lisa both come from that have been left behind by 30 years of free market economics, absolutely, because it's failed to represent them. It has failed to represent them. I'm from, as I said, a Labour heartland. I want us to reach out back to the places we come from and prove to those voters that if we carry on with a bunch of corrupt super-rich people running this country there's nothing in it for them.Robert Buckland[00:08:33] You see, this is the problem. The Labour Party is very good at telling us what it doesn't like. It's very good at telling us what the divisions are in our country. What it's useless at is actually coming up with prescriptions. They're having a conversation amongst themselves at the moment, Fiona, they're not in a position even to begin a conversation with the country, because frankly they don't know what they want.Lisa Nandy[00:08:55] This is unbelievable. From a party that had a former prime minister in Parliament today talking about a corruption scandal at the heart of government, the cosy financial relationships that allowed people to take risks and win big and when they lost it was people in Hartlepool and Rotherham who shouldered the appalling losses.Lisa Nandy[00:05:56] No, we don't.
Michelle Dewberry[00:05:57]…idiots.
Lisa Nandy[00:05:58] That is absolutely not true.
Michelle Dewberry[00:05:58] Well, I disagree and I think you do, I think it is how you feel.
Fiona Bruce[00:06:01] Well, let me bring someone else in. Paul, I do hope you want to come in. Michelle's named you three times now, so let's hear what you've got to say.
Michelle Dewberry[00:06:05] I can see him, he's itching.
Paul Mason[00:06:08] Yes, I…to answer the original question, the point of the Labour Party is to take all the hope, all the aspiration, all the determination and pride of working-class communities and turn that into a programme of government that brings things for them. Because let's face it, what they're up against, they're up against extremely powerful people with a private education, with inherited money, for whom life will always get better, but the system we're in makes life often worse generation after generation for working-class people.
Fiona Bruce[00:06:43] And so why do you think Labour has not appealed to them, in the numbers that you'd like to see?
Paul Mason[00:06:46] Hold on a minute, I live in a working-class Labour heartland. It's called south London. The only contest where I come from is between the Labour and the Greens. And the people who vote for them are not kind of oatmeal latte sipping kind of middle-class people, they're just as working-class as the people in Hull you tried and failed to represent and who you tried and failed to divide on racist grounds. That's our working-class…Kate Forbes[00:14:50] The first is that Labour and the Tories are two sides of the same coin in Scotland. They continuously side with the Tories, from my perspective they're willing to leave Scotland's future and key powers in a Tory government's hands, which is fatal when it comes to Scotland. But the second flaw is taking voters for granted. You cannot take voters for granted. Voters need to be respected, you need to understand why the message is not getting through. Now from my perspective again in Scotland, there are some very weighty issues and we've just seen a Labour campaign which has completely neglected to engage with those key issues, not least big ones on the constitution. So that from my perspective here in Scotland, seeing the Labour Party get its worst result, would be two of the fundamental flaws that we see at the heart of the Labour Party.
Fiona Bruce[00:15:47] So, Lisa, the last few times you appeared on this programme you were speaking from your attic, you might be wishing you were back there now. You were obviously going to expect slings and arrows from the other parties, but when you hear people in our audience who either want to vote Labour or who have voted Labour and now don't feel they can give you their vote, it must be profoundly depressing.
Fiona Bruce[00:25:17] Kate, I'm so sorry to interrupt, but let me just ask you this, Nicola Sturgeon has ruled out holding a sort of wildcat illegal referendum if the UK government doesn't give consent. The UK government isn't giving consent at the moment with no sign of when it's going to do so, so how are you going to resolve this?
Kate Forbes[00:25:33] Well, can I just say how ridiculous that situation is, that Boris Johnson again, the leader of a party that has been rejected consistently in Scotland since 1955, is telling the people of Scotland that have just voted overwhelmingly for pro-independence MSPs that there is no…
Fiona Bruce[00:25:46] So how are you going to resolve it?
Kate Forbes[00:25:48]…democratic way, there is no democratic way to deliver that. So I would hope that we become democrats again, respect the way that the people of Scotland voted. All parties signed up after 2014 to the Smith Commission that said that there was nothing to stop people in Scotland from voting for independence. And at its very heart is a question for all of us, which is if this union, one based on a partnership of consent, or does it only exist through force of law. And that is a fundamental question that we all face right now. And I think increasingly more and more people see that the democratic route to putting that question back to the people is the most important one.Robert Buckland[022:45] In 2011 Alex Salmond won an absolute majority in Holyrood. Now the SNP no doubt has done very well and we're not going to try and pussyfoot around the result, but they don't have an absolute majority. Yes, the Scottish Greens have indicated that they're in favour of a referendum.Fiona Bruce[00:23:05] Very strongly.Robert Buckland[00:23:07] But there is no consensus. The Scottish Labour Party don't agree, the Scottish Liberal Democrats, the Scottish Tories do not agree. And just think of the times in which we're living. We've all come through and are still coming through the most serious challenge to our health and our economy and our welfare in living memory. We're not out of the woods yet. Why on earth would you start contemplating constitutional and argue about issues of separation when the common priorities of the people of Scotland, the people of Northern Ireland, the people of Wales and England are to get through this crisis…Fiona Bruce[00:23:42] But the question is do they have a mandate.Robert Buckland[00:23:43] …and to get back on our feet.Fiona Bruce[00:23:44] Do they have a mandate, yes or no?Robert Buckland[00:23:46] I think that they've clearly won an impressive result. Do I think that they have established the consensus to have a referendum now? No, I don't.Fiona Bruce[00:23:55] The question is not do they have a consensus, the question is do they have a mandate, yes or no.Robert Buckland[00:24:00] I do not think that at the moment they should be pushing for a referendum. I think now is absolutely not the time.Fiona Bruce[00:27:35]. Okay. Craig?Craig Unknown[00:27:36] Yeah, I think there's two points I would make, the first one being that there's 72 MSPs have been sworn in today who support independence, so I think it's a bit naïve to say that there isn't a majority in the Scottish Parliament to proceed. The second point is that the whole argument around Boris Johnson being able to say whether or not he thinks we should have an independence referendum, I think ultimately he's going to have to go ahead with it, because that's how democracy works. And I think to do anything differently would be…the whole world is watching and we have to be democratic in respect of the Scottish people that voted.Fiona Bruce[00:28:21] Chris?Chris Unknown[00:28:24] Interesting that there is so much talk about what is democratic. The number of people who actually voted in the Scottish elections, who voted for SNP, comes to something like 2.5 per cent of the total population of the UK. Now that is not a democratic figure for saying that they should have the right to break up the union. Forty-nine per cent is not a total majority and even if you were assuming that every single person who voted for the SNP was in favour of independence you still don't have a majority.Jo Unknown[00:11:02] Firstly, Paul, oatmeal drinking latte people, I mean, what planet are you on? I consider myself to be as equal to anybody else that's working class, I work bloomin' hard, I pay my bills and I look after my own affairs. Lisa, your behaviour just completely depicts why people don't want to vote Labour, because all you've done is point the finger and throw stones at anybody who dares to question you. I am…this is why I really would not put my vote on your Labour ballot paper, because this is exactly what we get, exactly what we get. Conservatives are no better, but do you know what, I am just sick to the back teeth of hearing you whinge on at every other person who criticises you, sick of it.
Fiona Bruce[00:11:52] Rose?
Rose Unknown[00:11:55] Yes, I have voted Labour all my life and this is the first time this past election I had to seriously sit down and think about whether I would vote Labour. The majority of my life has been in Tory government and what I do know for sure is I do not want it to continue to be a Tory government. But isn't Labour the natural division between it now, I don't think it is, and that's because it's lost its heart. The previous leader had heart and you could believe in him.Michelle Dewberry[00:35:00] However, the two caveats I would make to that is that it's been seven years since the last referendum and I still don't understand even an ounce of what Scotland's economic policies and plans would be. For example, how on earth you think you would fund this deficit as an independent country is beyond me, and the EU are going to be in a very tricky position, because the EU can't be seen to encourage Scotland to leave and rejoin…and by the way, we're assuming Scotland can rejoin the EU. They might not even meet the criteria. Scotland cannot be seen to be overly encouraging this, because if they do they're going to have it in the neck from the countries that are within the EU at the moment who have challenging separatist movements that the EU need to not be stoking. So it's a very interesting point. But I really…my final thing is I don't share all of this enthusiasm about how amazingly well the SNP did at the last election, by the way, because they only gained one seat and they've only got a majority by teaming essentially with the Greens.
Fiona Bruce[00:36:03] Kate, you've been wanting to come back in for some time.
Kate Forbes[00:36:06] I mean, first thing to say is that I think Lisa Nandy has just explained very well precisely why the Labour Party are third in the Scottish Parliament and why they got their worst vote share, because it is a complete lack of respect for the voters in Scotland. Lisa Nandy
[00:16:55] In the end what we desperately want to do as a Labour Party is to show that all those things that Andy Burnham is delivering in Greater Manchester, that Marvin Rees is delivering in Bristol, that Siddique Khan is delivering in London and Mark Drakeford is delivering in Wales can be a reality for people in this country. Opportunities for young people, good jobs so you don't have to get out and…

Fiona Bruce
[00:17:19] And is that, do you think, by…

Lisa Nandy
[00:17:21] And not just levelling up places, but levelling up the people in them.

Fiona Bruce
[00:17:25] And do you think that is by forming some kind of alliance, formally or informally, as your former leader Tony Blair has suggested, with the Lib Dems, with the Greens.

Lisa Nandy
[00:17:34] Look, I haven't read the Tony Blair piece, I haven't read many of these pieces, because I'm not so much interested in what the Labour Party deconstructs or doesn't deconstruct, I'm interested in the country and how we fix the very many problems in this country after 11 years of Tory government. And I would just say that at the end of the day I will work with whoever it takes to deliver change for my community and for my country, whether that's the Conservative Party or progressive parties as well. But there is no substitute for winning the argument and winning back people's trust. And that's what you've heard tonight and that is exactly what we in the Labour Party are going to set out to do.
Fiona Bruce
[00:19:13] Paul.

Paul Mason
[00:19:15] Much of politics now is about identity, culture and values. And I think that the people who have understood that quickest have been the Conservatives. And actually the people who have understood it most successfully have been Kate's Scottish National Party. Because the Scottish cosmopolitan national identity is real, they represent it. Mark Drakeford in Wales represents a feeling about being Welsh, more than just Labour. So those profoundly working-class communities in Wales, solidly Labour, Andy Burnham…see, Andy Burnham didn't just win central Manchester, he won seats, including where I come from, where they voted Tory, because he projected something, a narrative, a real…somebody that allowed him to stand beyond the different identities. And believe me, we know, north-western little towns have identities that we almost hate each other. 

Now, what Keir hasn't done yet is that. Simple as that. He needs policies, a narrative, a goal, a clear story to tell. I supported him and continue to support him because I think he's a person who can do that, but it's not as easy as when Labour used to be able to weigh these votes in these places, those votes have to be earned. That means understanding what has caused these deep cultural divisions and certainly you can't go with them.
Lisa Nandy[00:32:59] Look, I do recognise that there is a problem here, because you have a number of people in Scotland, a sizeable number of people, who are deeply unhappy with the status quo. A number of those want to see Scotland leave the United Kingdom. I believe it's incumbent on all political parties, including my own, UK-wide parties, to show that by being in the United Kingdom Scotland is better off, and I believe we have to make that case. And I think that's particularly the case where you've got a government in Westminster that has consistently failed to stand up for the interests of people in Scotland, whether it's over Scotch whisky tariffs or the offshoring of industry, as they failed to stand up for people in Greater Manchester where I'm an MP. And I recognise that has to change, but the idea that in the middle of a global pandemic, after years and years of division we find multiple ways to divide ourselves from each other over recent years, that what we should be focusing on is yet more division, yet more navel gazing, when we've got serious problems to solve like the growing waiting lists, the crisis of social care and the lack of jobs in many parts of this country. I think that is completely wrong. We've got to focus on the country and what unites us right now.Paul Mason[00:30:45] However, the point is that independence will be difficult, it will be difficult. Either Scotland will be part of the European Union and its currency or it will be part of basically a currency union with Britain that gives the Bank of England more or less economic control over Scotland. And the Scottish National Party knows this and it's so far been playing a kind of game. We want independence but not quite yet. So what happens there is that all the other important questions like poverty, inequality, dealing with the 21st century's technological revolution get sidelined because the electorate is rightly worried about being trapped in a…never mind neverendum, it's a never ending Tory elitist rule, and that's how it's perceived in Scotland. I became convinced covering that referendum in 2014 that the rising generation of young Scots allowed to be vote at 16, when they've got 16 year olds it's game over. I think we the English, the Welsh, probably have to accept that. And I know Lisa won't agree with me, but I wish my party, Labour, would begin to accept and prepare itself for the very exciting prospect of a socialist republic of Scotland.Fiona Bruce
[00:26:32] Okay. Andrea, in our audience.

Andrea Unknown
[00:26:35] Hi, Fiona, thank you. So I'd just like to say the last independence referendum we had in Scotland was very divisive for families and friendships. And we are still healing from that independence referendum, we've still not got over it. Now, in the recent leaders debates in Scotland, our Scottish leaders were fighting like rats in a sack at the debates about independence. There is no talk about social care. There was nothing about tackling child poverty. Education, where are our teachers. Nicola Sturgeon herself admitted in one of the debates that she'd taken her eye off the ball. And Kate is a fine example of everything that's wrong with the SNP. As we were talking about the problems with Labour, Kate actually cannot stop herself from bringing up the constitution. And it is just a neverendum that needs to be brought to a close.
Fiona Bruce[00:34:05] Michelle. Does the SNP have a mandate?
Michelle Dewberry[00:34:08] So the Scottish elections, as everyone will know, are slightly more complicated than ours. There's two votes, and I would say that actually Scotland is a country that is almost down the middle divided 50 and 50, because actually when you look at the outcome one of the votes was won very small-y, by pro-union parties, one of them was won by pro-independence parties. 2014 we were told once in a generation, once in a lifetime vote, however I do believe that there is…that you have to now, the Tories can't block this referendum. The time for this is not now, everyone knows that's obvious, but you can't block this referendum because it's undoubtable that the situation has now changed. In 2014 we were in the EU, we are now not, the landscape has changed. So I do believe that when the time is right, so after all of this pandemic, Scotland should be given the choice as to whether or not they want to stay or leave. Rose Unknown
[00:12:10] Starmer saying stuff like Black Lives Matter was just a moment, it's not, it's the social justice that the Labour Party was founded on and I could be proud to vote for and I don't feel the same way anymore.

Fiona Bruce
[00:12:31] Martin?

Martin Unknown
[00:12:33] Thank you. We need the Labour Party to be better. The country needs a strong opposition that actually people like me will vote for. I voted for all parties in my lifetime and I want there to be a Labour Party that is good and it provides hope and inspiration for people. But it isn't at the moment. You're fighting between yourselves. You appear to be a London-centric party that isn't reaching out across the country, so you need to do something.

Fiona Bruce
[00:13:11] Tony.

Tony Unknown
[00:13:12] Yes, thank you, Fiona, and good evening. I don't need to be lectured on somebody from south London about politics in the north-east of England. I lived in Hartlepool, I now live in Durham. Durham was a Labour stronghold for 100 years and now it's lost its majority. Out of 126 county councillors only 53 are now Labour. And I'll tell you why that happened, it's because the Labour Party in Durham just didn't listen to what people were saying.
Paul Mason [00:19:45] You can't pick one side. You've got to say, right, we need to find something that is common to all the people on that weird screen in front of us with their different angers, they all have an anger about something legitimate, and I think that what Labour has to find is that what is common to that, just as it did in 1945, 1964 and I believe that by doing that it can offer the country a different prospect to a bunch of crooks, because that's who we're ruled by.
Fiona Bruce [00:21:05] I'd better let you answer that, because I want to move on, take another question.
Robert Buckland [00:21:07] That is the problem. If you keep on insulting your opponents, you're insulting the people who vote in their millions for the Conservative Party. That's people of all shades of opinion in our country, wherever they're from, whatever their background, if you keep on dissing us don't be surprised if you keep losing. Let's have some respect for each other and respect for people who vote maybe different from yours. I was brought up on South Wales, in Llanelli, right. I don't need any lectures about…Chris Unknown[00:29:00] If you want to have a referendum, an indicative referendum to suggest that there should be a real referendum on Scottish independence, shouldn't we actually be looking at whether Scottish independence is actually viable? I could decide that our village ought to go independent and put a man on the moon, doesn't mean I can do it. And I don't think that anybody is really looking at whether or not there is a way in which Scotland can afford to fund itself. Is it going to be allowed to join the EU? Is it going to be able to manage its own affairs in the way it thinks it's going to be able to? Nicola Sturgeon has complained so much about having a border down the middle of the North Sea…sorry, down the middle of the Irish Sea, but she wants to put one right across the mainland of the United Kingdom.
Fiona Bruce[00:29:59] Paul.
Paul Mason[00:30:00] I think the short answer is yes, there is a mandate for a referendum. It would obviously be sensible for that not to be soon. But to the people who are intensely interested in whether the Scots can go independent or not, it's not your business. Under international law nations have the right to self-determination. That is not just international law, it was recognised when David Cameron said to the Scots, if you vote for independence you get in independence. It's why Ireland, by the way, is independent and not part of the United Kingdom.


Andi Unknown[00:38:39] And 48 per cent is a mandate for a referendum, then how is 48 per cent in the Brexit referendum a mandate to nothing? You can't just choose a percentage and choose what you want it to mean and say, okay, this now means we've got a mandate because I'm after this percentage. It's just ridiculous.Fiona Bruce[00:39:00] We hear you, we hear you, you've got it off your chest and we're all grateful, good for you. And we will all take that on board in this room, I am sure, as I go on to another question.Lisa Nandy[00:39:08] Fiona, could I just say one very quick thing, which is that I'm the first to accept that there's too much of this that goes in politics and all political parties do it and all politicians lapse into doing it and our political parliament is set up like that to shout at each other rather than work together and I think privately we've all had conversations about that over the years.Fiona Bruce[00:37:17] There's people in our audience here, some agreeing, some putting their hands in their hands. I want to move on, take another question, but I'm just going to hear quickly from a few of you. Andi?

Andi Unknown[00:37:27] I just want to say what planet are you guys on? We had a conversation not very… 15 minutes ago maybe about being respectful, about supporting each other. We've got people mudslinging, we've got people… the question was is there a mandate, not who can tie each other up in knots and moan at each other. This is a question we're trying, as members of the public, and I say this to all panel members, as members of the public we're trying to engage with you and many, many members of this panel have said let's not mudsling, let's not do this, let's not do that. How many times, you're all sitting there saying you want to listen, listen to us, stop moaning at each other, stop bitching at each other, figure out how to work together. That is the only way this country is going to get better. You know, never point at fat cats when the leader of the Labour Party's a very, very successful lawyer. You're pointing at fat cats in the Conservative Party. What a load of rubbish.

Fiona Bruce[00:38:38] Okay.Lisa Nandy[00:39:30] But what I'm looking at on the screen, on every question that's come up so far, is a country actually where those divisions are very evidently on display. And what we've got to do now is find a way to bridge those divisions, where every question that's come up, every contribution that's been made, there have been people applauding, there have been people putting their thumbs down, there have been people cheering and there have been people with their head in their hands. And I think don't underestimate how difficult this is and how much we are, many of us, are trying to find a way through some very, very difficult situations. I'm not saying that we get it right all the time, I'm not saying it's easy, but if you trash politics and the political process, in the end what you find is that the real losers are the people themselves.Fiona Bruce[00:31:55]You say Lisa won't accept it, Keir Starmer said in January last year of course if there's a pro-independence majority it has to be looked at in Westminster, I don't think it's right to block anything. So that sounds like, yes, Labour thinks the SNP does have a mandate for a second independence referendum.
Lisa Nandy[00:32:10] Well, no, I think Nicola Sturgeon can't have it both ways. She said very clearly in these elections that people could happily vote for the SNP if they were pro remaining in the United Kingdom, safe in the knowledge that they would be voting for an SNP government with a much broader agenda and a broader set of elections. Now she's claiming that she has a mandate from those people for independence. It was a hoax, frankly. It was exactly the same during the 2014 referendum when she and Alex Salmond said that this was a once in a generation opportunity to settle the question and now they're saying that they want to reopen the question.
Fiona Bruce[00:32:41] So when Keir Starmer said I don't think it's right to block anything, what is your policy?
Lisa Nandy[00:32:47] I don't think you can claim that this is a mandate for independence when Nicola Sturgeon herself went out and sought votes on the basis that you could be pro the future of the United Kingdom and Scotland in the United Kingdom and still vote for the SNP.Robert Buckland[00:40:09] And I want to add to that, because actually that's a very powerful message, which is something that I've always believed in. But in the context of the question about the future of our very country, I want to talk about the positives of working together. I'm a proud Welshman, but I love being part of Britain. I feel Wigan is as much my country as Pembrokeshire. Scotland is also my country. I feel passionately and I love it. And I think what we've been through with the vaccine, with the benefit system delivering, with the Treasury delivering furlough support for people across the length and breadth of the United Kingdom…Fiona Bruce[00:40:44] I think Andi…Robert Buckland[00:40:45] These are positives that should allow the arguments to be made, for us to stick…Fiona Bruce[00:40:49] The election has been and gone.Robert Buckland[00:40:50] This is about…Fiona Bruce[00:40:51] It was the other week.Robert Buckland[00:40:52] This is about independence; this is about separation of Scotland. I'm saying there's a positive case that we will continue to make.Fiona Bruce[00:40:57] Okay. We were just responding to what Andi was saying, which was basically can we have a bit more peace and love in the room and, Andi, everyone's hearing that, so let's see how we get with the next question, which is from Molly. Molly, let's hear from you.
Molly Unknown[00:41:08] Thanks, Fiona. Will voter IDs protect the integrity of elections or just undermine the UK democracy?
Fiona Bruce[00:41:17] Paul, kick us off with this.
Paul Mason[00:41:18] Well, do you know how many people were convicted of voter fraud in the 2019 election? I think it's out of 32 million people who voted. Anybody know? Four, four. And two of them were for registering wrong, criminally, they were convicted. I think the number of complaints was 136. So voter ID is not there to solve a problem that we the people see. And the people who've admitted this are the Electoral Commission. The Electoral Commission say our system is straight in this country. People worry about media bias, they worry about low turnout, but they don't worry in general about this. Fiona Bruce[00:43:12] But where is the problem that you feel you need to go to the expense and the effort of doing this?
Robert Buckland[00:43:17] I think that it's important that we maximise confidence. I've heard over the years a number of people, not just my constituents but other people, talk seriously about their concerns that in so many other walks of life you have to produce some form of identification and yet you can walk…
Fiona Bruce[00:43:32] So this is just based on anecdote then?
Robert Buckland[00:43:34] No, you can walk into a polling station and there is no requirement whatsoever, and this is a pretty important thing people are doing. Now we're not saying suddenly you have to get a special form of ID or you have to go out and buy something that is going to disadvantage you, 98 per cent of people of this country have some form of identification. In fact, we're going even further to say that if there is an issue or a gap then free identification will be issued to people who request it. So if you produce a blue badge, if you produce a number of identification processes that indeed are used by people who are demographically disadvantaged, to lead into Paul's point, then there is no issue at all. It's good sense and the majority of people in this country are wondering why on earth hasn't it been done before.Fiona Bruce
[00:53:41] Kate, have you got any concerns about it?

Kate Forbes
[00:53:44] I can't wait to give people hugs. I'm a big fan of the side hug, which just is a recommendation, but otherwise…

Fiona Bruce
[00:53:50] You might have to talk us through that, what's a side hug?

Kate Forbes
[00:53:54] Oh, you know, where you cautiously sidle up to somebody you do know and you are familiar with and give them a side hug.

Fiona Bruce
[00:53:58] Hang on, Kate, Robert's giving us a demonstration.

Robert Buckland
[00:54:00] The side huge, yeah, the side hug, we're familiar with it, yeah, it's good.

Fiona Bruce
[54:06] So is that what you're going to…

Kate Forbes
[00:54:08] But I would just say, get involved and give people hugs.
Paul Mason[00:41:45] So I see this, what is this, it's straight out of the Donald Trump playbook, this is being done in Texas, it's being done in Georgia, it's being done by the American right, right now, you suppress the vote of people who are unlikely to vote. Who's unlikely to vote if you have voter ID? Eleven million people, right. Who are they? Poor people, black people, refugees. It's the people that the Tories don't want to vote for Labour. So I think, Robert, you've got to answer this, is it even…what's the legality, what's the principle behind suppressing the votes of the British people just to get Boris Johnson another four years on his red velveteen settee?
Robert Buckland[00:42:42] You've got to ask your own party, Paul, why they did it in Northern Ireland in 2003. There's been no evidence at all that the introduction of voter ID in Northern Ireland has done any of the things you've said.
Fiona Bruce[00:42:52] So why are you introducing it? Why do you want it introducing?
Robert Buckland[00:42:53] I think it's important that…in our society there are people undertaking normal transactions that absolutely accept the point that with regard to specific transactions a form of ID is a normal thing. Now, can I say, I'm very much against a general ID card policy. I don't believe in it, never have done, I've campaigned hard against it ten years ago.Lisa Nandy[00:57:45] If there's going to be a new timetable we need to hear about what that is and the basis on which that is, and then we've got to get back to normal as soon as we can. This has got to be the last lockdown, we've got to move out of this. We can see the light at the end of the tunnel, let's not reverse that progress now.Dave Unknown[00:45:46] Thank you, Fiona. Yeah, it's an interesting dilemma. Ultimately, one of my thoughts is is this the backdoor approach to a national ID card system? I don't know. The other aspect is, yes, there is a possibility that votes are rigged, we know that, that is a strong possibility. My main concern realistically with the ID system is like anything else it is open to abuse, and because it's open to abuse it can lead to unfortunately the wrong direction in which the government wants to go.
Fiona Bruce[00:46:28] Okay. Molly, you asked the question.
Molly Unknown[00:46:31] I think the main issue is what lines you draw up, what type of IDs are acceptable. Because there was a trial run and they turned away people with like student cards, bus passes issued by the councils, and then none of them turned back up with correct ID. So you're just going to start discrimination against the electorate, which is a very dangerous road.
Fiona Bruce[00:46:54] Michelle, are you in favour?
Michelle Dewberry[00:46:56] Yeah, to me this is very simple. If I want to go and get a letter from my post office, I've got to show that I am who I say I am on that letter. I am…
Fiona Bruce[00:47:04] But not with photo ID, that's the critical difference.Fiona Bruce[00:56:52] You heard it here, folks. And just briefly before we end, are you concerned that perhaps we are then going to be easing restrictions too quickly?Lisa Nandy[00:56:58] Look, I want to see restrictions eased as soon as possible, like everybody else, but I don't want to see us unravel the progress that we've made, and I want the country to move forward in step together. We had lots of confusing tier systems over the last year and I think what we've seen is that in the end that doesn't really work. We've got to make sure that we give people clarity.Fiona Bruce
[00:55:16] Well, he says that the variant is making him anxious.

Robert Buckland
[00:55:18] Anxious, yeah, of course we're anxious, because we've been through so much together, haven't we, all of us, we want this to be over. Human nature is that we want to look forward to better times, but we also have to look at that evidence and be cautious but irreversible. That is the plan, that is what I very much hope and believe we can stick to.
Fiona Bruce[00:55:38] Lisa.

Lisa Nandy[00:55:40] I got slightly worried about where that conversation was going, to be honest. When we started talking about hugging each other I went back to what Andi was saying earlier about can you all just stop fighting with each other and find a way to work together. And I had the feeling that somebody, perhaps Andi, was going to tell us all we had to get up and hug each other. No offence, guys, but…

Fiona Bruce[00:55:57] Thumbs up from Andi there.Fiona Bruce
[00:52:22] Okay. I'm going to take one more question quickly, we're almost out of time. But a number of people suggested this. Charlie, Charlie Owen.

Charlie Unknown
[00:52:30] Hi. Do you have any recommendations on how to hug cautiously?

Fiona Bruce
[00:52:39] Paul?

Paul Mason
[00:52:42] It's hugging day, isn't it, coming up, and I think we all know what we're talking about. Lots of young people who don't live in families haven't been able to date, haven't been able to meet each other. I would say, no, don't be cautious to those who are being allowed to hug for the first time on next Monday.

Fiona Bruce
[00:53:03] Michelle?

Michelle Dewberry
[00:53:04] How to hug cautiously, probably get a partner who annoys you as much as my partner annoys me, then you probably would never want to hug them, you wouldn't need guidance of caution, I can tell you.

Fiona Bruce
[00:53:15] Is he going to be watching this, Michelle?

Michelle Dewberry.
[00:53:16] I'm only joking. But joking aside, joking side, do you know what, we have been denied human touch and connection and we cannot underestimate what that has done to people's mental health. If you want to go hug somebody, and it's a good job I'm not in government because I would be in trouble for saying this, just go hug them. Use your common sense, get involved and just feel good again, that's what we need.
Lisa Nandy[00:56:20] I would just put in a plea to say that there are parts of this country now, including mine, that have been in near continuous lockdown for over a year and if we're going to move forwards we've got to move forwards in step. We can't be saying to people in those parts of the country you haven't hugged your mum for a year and we don't know when it's going to end. We need to see the Government coming forward and getting back on the front foot about this and giving people clarity and saying the country will move together. And then, if you do that, Robert, this is a promise, I will give you a hug.Lisa Nandy[00:55:58]…the first person I hug is not going to be one of the panellists, I can tell you after a year of not being able to do it. I guess I would just say I can't wait like everybody else, like Kate and everyone else, to be able to hug, not side hugs, proper hugs. But I think this Indian variant is a real problem and I agree with Robert that we've got to come through this together. People have made huge sacrifices so far and we've got to make sure that we get this right.Lisa Nandy[00:51:25] You've chosen not to do one and you've chosen to do the other, so you've made that choice.
Robert Buckland[00:51:27] Well, I disagree with your…with respect, Lisa, I disagree with your analysis here, that I think it's incumbent upon the Government to do it can on all fronts, which I can assure we are doing. I want to protect this democracy, as does the Prime Minister, and we certainly have benefited, frankly, from increased voter turnout. If you see the last couple of elections where voter turnout has gone up, then it is the Conservatives who have won. So let's not buy into this false argument about voter suppression.
Lisa Nandy[00:51:54] But you've had 18 months to implement…you accepted the Russia report, you accepted that this was the greatest threat to our democratic integrity, you've had 18 months. The Prime Minister sat on that report, he tried to suppress it, he wouldn't allow it to be published, he blocked its publication in Parliament, then he said he accepted it and still we've seen no action. Why are you so intent on stopping people here having an impact on our electoral system, but not on stopping people overseas from doing so?
Robert Buckland[00:52:29] I'm sorry, I don't agree with your analysis, with respect.Michelle Dewberry[00:47:05] I am old enough to…yeah, I'm going to come to that, don't you worry. I am old enough to remember Blockbuster video, and when you wanted to set up an account there…Fiona Bruce[00:47:14] Okay, who here remembers Blockbuster video? We all do, come on, Michelle.Michelle Dewberry[00:47:17] You had to show you are who you say you are. I find it beyond backward that you can go to a polling station, walk up to the lady or the man or whoever on the desk and they have in front of them a list of names and addresses and any old random, let's face it, because half the time you can see the list, because I've been there on polling days as a candidate watching how they do things, any old random can wander up and say, oh yeah, I'm Joe Smith from so and so, and in you go with no verification whatsoever. So if you need to prove ID to pick up letters and borrow this, borrow that, you absolutely should prove that you are who you say you are, if you want to influence the direction that this country is going to be governed in. Now, a couple of key caveats to that. All of this talk about discrimination, if people haven't got access already to photographic ID, you must make it free to access photographic ID. If you started talking to me about charging people to access this card, I'll be dead against it, point number one.Fiona Bruce[00:48:17] But Michelle, the criticisms of this as a proposal is not so much that it would cost, because you're not suggesting it would cost, but it's just the time and effort required for people to go and get this ID and therefore it's a further barrier to them engaging in the democratic process.
Michelle Dewberry[00:48:30] Nonsense. If they…let's just say if I said to someone now I've got a million pounds for you, you've won the lottery, a million pounds, but in order for you to get this money you've got to prove that you are who you say you are, I guarantee you not a single person is going to go, ooh, ooh, I can't really be bothered, it's a barrier for me to go and get my identification. I think it's quite insulting to say, ooh, it's going to be really difficult for someone who's an ethnic minority to vote if you make them have an ID card. And the point that I think it was Molly that raised about people being turned away, this is another caveat. If you're going to introduce a system, you need to learn the art of communication and make sure the people understand clearly what you take to vote with you, what will be accepted and what won't be accepted. And you have to trust that people are capable of following basic instructions.Fiona Bruce 
[00:54:12] So you're going to be side hugging, are you? So what is it, how does this cautious hugging work then?
Robert Buckland 
[00:54:17] I think have your own unofficial list. Hug your mum, hug your dad, hug the people who are close to you and your family. I think hugging is fantastic, but I think we can trust everybody to use common sense, that is what the Government is saying. Use your good sense but let's get back and let's get hugging in a sensible and safe way.
Fiona Bruce 
[00:54:41] And at the risk of sounding like a total killjoy, the news about the Indian variant in the UK, is that giving the Government pause on hugging advice and general lifting of restrictions?
Robert Buckland 
[00:54:51] Well, as we said, we always said that the rise of any new variants would be a very important factor in working out how we went through the roadmap. Now, the 17th, I think, all systems go, it's absolutely right that we do that. We always said that these dates were at the earliest and therefore we'll keep on reviewing the position very carefully. The Prime Minister quite rightly has said we all need to just take care and watch the evidence about new variants.Fiona Bruce[00:44:22] Do you think they're thinking that? Interesting. We'll hear from our audience. Kate.
Kate Forbes[00:44:27] Well, I think Robert has just highlighted precisely why this is a bad idea, because he's already talked about multiple new hurdles that somebody has to jump over in terms of new documentation in order to be able to vote. And over the last few decades, if not centuries, we've seen successive governments try to expand the franchise and yet this government seems to want to reduce it. The figures speak for themselves. Paul has already mentioned some of them, 3.5 million citizens don't have access to photo ID, 1.3 million people don't have a bank account. That makes mandatory voter ID a barrier to many people exercising their right to vote. And certainly, we've seen from our Scottish Parliament perspective cross-party agreement on expanding the franchise, making it easier for people to vote, whether they are refugees, prisoners or young people, and I think that should be the direction of travel for all governments, make it easier. Because ultimately, we're accountable to them and we should make sure that they are able to exercise their democratic right as easily as possible.
Fiona Bruce[00:45:30] Let me just…for a show of hands, just out of interest, from our Zoom audience here, put your hand up if you have been concerned about voter ID up until now. Okay, so we've got a couple here. Well, let's hear from you. Dave.Fiona Bruce
[00:49:24] Lisa.

Lisa Nandy [00:49:25] It looks like Robert was nodding to all of that, so that was a very good lobbying job that you just did there, Michelle. I guess feel like the Government is trying to solve the wrong problem. In the 2019 election you were more likely to win the jackpot of the national lottery than you were to be convicted of impersonation at the polls. And meanwhile the Government has been sitting for 18 months on the Russia report, which said that the greatest threat to our democratic integrity came from overseas, from foreign interference in our elections. That report made 23 separate recommendations and in 18 months not a single one of those has been implemented. One of them, very, very simple, currently a middle-ranking government department holds responsibility for defending our democracy. The Russia report could not have been clearer that it was given absolutely zero priority within government. They recommended that that should be boosted up to the highest levels with MI5 or someone similar taking over responsibility, 18 months and the Prime Minister has not done a single thing about it. 

I would say to the Government, if you're serious about defending the integrity of our democracy, then instead of making it harder for people here to have an influence over the outcome of our democratic elections, you really should be making it harder for people overseas, including foreign donors, to influence the integrity of our electoral systems.
Lisa Nandy[00:09:42] If you're telling me that people in places like Wigan and Manchester and London are stupid for voting for the Labour Party, then you can think again, Robert. It's an appalling argument.
Robert Buckland[00:09:50] Lisa, I went to Hartlepool and spoke to people on the doorstep, so I can tell you, they were fed up of Labour promises and no delivery. People living in the Headland estate in Hartlepool, not your traditional Tory voters…
Lisa Nandy[00:10:03] I went to the Headland estate.
Robert Buckland[00:10:05] I can tell you what they were telling me, they were telling me they were not voting Labour. They were turning away from the Labour Party because the party did not reflect their values, Lisa.
Lisa Nandy[00:10:14] I'm sorry, Robert. This is the sort of… this is the sort of arrogance…
Robert Buckland[00:10:15] You can talk as much as you like, that's the reality.
Fiona Bruce[00:10:18] Don't talk across each other because otherwise no one can hear.Lisa Nandy.[00:16:04] It hurts, it absolutely hurts, and it's not something that is new to me, as somebody who represents a town in the north-west of England that, as Paul said, has seen decades of economic decline, who've looked to political leaders and not seen any political party who'll step forward and deliver for them, but particularly feel that personally from the Labour Party that they expected to do so.
Fiona Bruce[00:16:25] And do you think Keir Starmer can turn this around?
Lisa Nandy[00:16:28] I do, I think…
Fiona Bruce[00:16:30] He says that Labour has lost the trust of the working people.
Lisa Nandy[00:16:31] I do, I think we can turn it around. But I think it's absolutely clear, not just from the election results but from what the audience has been saying tonight, that we've got a job of work to do, not just to go out with policies but actually to earn back people's trust. And I'll just say very directly to Martin, who said that he'd voted for every political party and that he would consider voting Labour but we have more work to do, I will make it my mission to convince people like you that you can trust us again. Kate Forbes[00:36:20] And look, I don't expect everybody on the panel to agree with me on independence, that's clear. I don't expect everyone in Scotland to agree with me or even in the Question Time audience to agree with me. But that is precisely why that question needs to go back to the people. Now, we are not arguing that that should be next week, next month, we are arguing that once the COVID crisis is past, but in time to equip the parliament with the powers that we need to shape our future, there should be a referendum. Now, we live in parliamentary democracies. There can be no disputing the emphatic victory last week. And the only people who are saying no to another referendum are the people who are scared of the outcome. Debate the issues, debate the substance, don't just keep saying no to the people of Scotland, because that means that this union has fundamentally changed from one based on consent, a voluntary union based on consent, to one that is only based on the force of law.Fiona Bruce[00:50:41] Have you got your priorities wrong? Robert Buckland[00:50:44] Look, I'm not going to comment about matters of national security. Fiona Bruce[00:50:48] But you can comment about the principle. Robert Buckland[00:50:50] The principle I think is important… Lisa Nandy[00:50:52] Where is the action we were promised? Robert Buckland[00:50:54] There is no evidence to say that voter participation goes down with an ID system. Canada do it, France do it, other major European democracies have some form of ID for voters at the polling station. That is what we're proposing. We'll get the rules right when we go through the debate, but… Fiona Bruce[00:51:10] But Lisa's point is are you targeting the wrong issue. Do you want to address Lisa's point? Lisa Nandy[00:51:15] Twenty-three recommendations, not a single one implemented. Robert Buckland[00:51:18] I don't think we are at all, I think it's a choice. I think the truth is that on all fronts we are doing everything… Lisa Nandy[00:51:21] But it is a choice because you've chosen this. Robert Buckland[00:51:23] No, it's not a choice. We're doing everything we can…Michelle Dewberry[00:18:09] But if you're so keen on winning back people's trust, and Hartlepool has come up lots of times this evening already, why on earth in a by-election, in a place that's voted almost 70 per cent for Brexit, you're sitting there saying I want to win your trust back, you stick a remainer in there. If I was in Hartlepool as a resident, whether I was a former voter for Labour or considering voting for you, I would just be looking at you thinking are you guys mad?
Lisa Nandy[00:18:35] Look, Michelle, we didn't stick a remainer in there, because at the end of the day we've got to leave these labels behind. I'm somebody who campaigned and voted for remain…
Michelle Dewberry[00:18:44] But you did, that's exactly what you did.
Lisa Nandy[00:18:45] …and then tried to get a Brexit deal through and voted for it twice, under Boris Johnson before the election and since. And I'm sick to death of us all being labelled as leavers and remainers, as left behind communities, as oat drinking latte drinking, whatever it was that was said before.
Michelle Dewberry[00:19:01] It's representative of something.
Lisa Nandy[00:19:03] I'm sick of these labels. We've got to stop the division and we've got to start to bringing the country together again. We're in the middle of a global pandemic, we come through this together or we don't come through it at all.Fiona Bruce[00:01:24] Our first question tonight is from Sam Winter.

Sam Winter[0:01:29] Should we just abandon trips abroad?

Fiona Bruce[0:01:33] Should we abandon trips abroad? Are you planning to go abroad, Sam?

Sam Winter[0:01:37] No, personally I'm not. I'm quite happy being in our country. I've arranged a holiday but obviously local. No, this year I don't think I will personally go abroad. Maybe next year. I'd just like to see how things pan out for the rest of this year.

Fiona Bruce[0:01:54] Okay. We should be banning trips abroad according to Labour, Nick.Fiona Bruce[00:03:40] So, Nadhim, the amber list. There has been different messages, haven't there, from different government ministers? The government's now saying, the amber list, you cannot go to those countries unless it's an emergency of some kind. So shouldn't it just be the red list?
Nadhim Zahawi[00:03:53] Well, so, the Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Transport, the Health Secretary, the government's advice online all make very clear that all countries are on the amber list, but if those countries have very high levels of infection or a variant of concern then they are on the red list; 43 countries are on the red list…Nick Thomas-Symonds
[0:01:59] Well, I don't think we ned to completely abandon the hope of trips abroad a little later in the year. But I do think that the government does need to pause and think again with regard to the loosening of international travel, and let me just explain why that is. Firstly, I think we have a record of failure with COVID protections at the border. Slow in the first place to formal quarantining, slow to mandatory testing, slow to hotel quarantining, and slow to put India on the red list. Now we have a situation where we have the traffic lights, the green, the amber, the red. We've seen chaos in our airports where passengers coming from any of the three categories and mixing together, sometimes it seems hours on end. Secondly, we have this mixed messaging on the amber list. 
Nick Thomas-Symonds[0:02:30] We have one government minister saying you can go and visit friends and family. Another one saying that it's only essential travel. Another said that we should regard holidays as essential travel. So that has been a complete and utter mess. Now, the government should think again, what should they actually do? What I say the government should do is abandon the amber list. The amber list becomes part of the red list, if you like. You have that hotel quarantining across the board on the amber countries and the existing red countries, then you can move to that limited green list. There's only 12 countries on it at the moment, a number of which are not accepting tourists in any event. But we have to take a more cautious approach now and learn the lessons, the mistakes at the border over the past 12 months.Fiona Bruce[00:09:10] But should we be abandoning trips abroad? That's the question.Harriet Green[00:09:13] I think we have to look very carefully over the next couple of weeks at what is happening, because there are countries that have done a tremendous job around the world who in the last couple of weeks have been forced back into a lockdown situation because of the virus being transmitted through people who are vaccinated, because…and I…Fiona Bruce[00:09:36] You're talking about Singapore. But I'm still not clear, do you think we should be travelling abroad now or not?Harriet Green[00:09:40] I think those countries where all of the requirements have been met, I think people should be allowed to travel abroad, yes.Fiona Bruce[00:09:47] Okay. All right. Devi.Fiona Bruce[00:04:11] Do you accept that it's been confusing?
Nadhim Zahawi[00:04:13] Look, as Sam said, this is not a normal year. This is not a year where people have… Thank you, Sam, for taking a staycation. Hence why we have to be really careful. The green list of countries, a limited number of countries like Israel and Portugal people can travel to, but actually the amber list is a list of countries where you should only travel if it's essential. The problem with the Labour position is Nick's position – and he's the Shadow Home Secretary – is one, his minister in the Home Office, [Name 0:04:51], has a different position on this.Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:13:51] Well, the challenge was put to me about captain hindsight, but I called back in January for a comprehensive hotel quarantine. I put it to a vote of parliament on 1 February. The Tory MPs failed to support it. I called out the issue of the failure to put India onto the red list for 14 days after Pakistan and Bangladesh had already been added. But I do say to Nadhim today, we can of course debate across this studio about this, but I say it because you need to get this right. The biggest threat to getting our freedoms back is a variant coming from overseas threatening the efficacy of the vaccine rollout that I know you're working on. That's why you have to get this right and rethink this traffic light system.Fiona Bruce[00:14:37] We've got a question on this. Collette, would you like to put your question?Fiona Bruce[00:06:26] Hang on. Let's hear what our audience has got to say.Nadhim Zahawi[00:06:28] But you can't…Fiona Bruce[00:06:29] …Nadhim, sorry. But let's…Nadhim Zahawi[00:06:29] This is sort of captain hindsight 2.0. The mixed metaphors.Fiona Bruce[00:06:30] Okay, let's hear…Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:06:32] No, I must come back on that. No. Hang on. We…Fiona Bruce[00:06:33] No, Nick, let me just hear what the audience has to say or else it'll just be a conversation, riveting though many may find it, between the pair of you. Carlos.Carlos Unknown[00:06:44] On the captain hindsight…Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:06:45] Can I come back?Carlos Unknown[00:06:46] …and the we are where we are expression. I mean, from the beginning of the pandemic the public and the media, we've been complaining about messages that are unclear and push us forward way too fast, and then we have to take a few steps back, which is a lot more painful. And people have been commenting about this to the government from the beginning.Fiona Bruce[00:07:11] Okay. Jack.Jack Unknown[00:07:13] I'm a tour guide, I run a tour company, so I'm desperate to see people come back to the UK. But surely this mixed messaging is only making it harder for people to book holidays, harder for people to see their family if their family are abroad, and harder for people to really have confidence in rebuilding of the economy because they don't know whether there's going to be another health scare.Fiona Bruce[00:07:37] Dale.
Dale Unknown[00:07:41] It's common sense that we close the borders until we know about the Indian variant and how that's going to pan out, because it's only going to get worse, and then there's going to be another lockdown and we're just going to be in this whole cycle all over again. So in the first lockdown everything should have been closed, the borders should have been closed, no flights coming in, no going out, until we know exactly what we're dealing with. Because at the moment with the Indian variant we haven't actually got a clue.
Fiona Bruce[00:08:11] Okay. Harriet, let me come to you as former head of Thomas Cook. Should we be abandoning trips abroad for the next few weeks or for the summer?
Harriet Green[00:08:18] I think you can hear by the exchange, and I think the frustration and the confusion and the sense of we can, we can't really I think causes more harm than good. So I think, as we just heard, the exchange frustrates us all. If I was the head of a travel company I would be very frustrated in terms of you have regulations, you have a change of traffic light system, you engage with certain vacations and certain approaches. So I think there is real frustration. I do think when we come on to talk about why caution is required and what is really happening in the world and in other parts of the world that we can learn from that some of what Carlos and Dale and Sam have said is worth listening to. But it is so frustrating right now.Fiona Bruce[00:10:53] Right. Just to ask, who here has booked a holiday abroad this summer? Richard, where are you intending to go, if you're allowed?
Richard Walker[00:11:01] Well, this sounds very confusing for a guy from Iceland to say, but I'm going to Greenland.
Fiona Bruce[00:11:06] Right. Okay. So you don't think we should be abandoning trips abroad then. Clearly not.
Richard Walker[00:11:09] Well, in answer to Sam's question, I don't actually know, to be honest, I'm a bit confused. Either we're trusted to make our own decisions or we're not, and if we're not it should be red or green, legal or not legal. I think what we need to do…
Fiona Bruce[00:11:23] So you think having the amber light is confusing.
Richard Walker[00:11:24] Yes. I think we're either trusted to make our own decisions or we're not. So I think we need to beef up the personnel at the borders, and there's been some fairly concerning scenes from airports in the newspapers this week of people from red and green countries mixing. But ultimately I think we need to weigh up the cost of the negligible risk of someone who is double vaccinated following all the protocol with tests either side against the vast impact to people like Jack. Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:04:51] No, he doesn't.
Nadhim Zahawi[00:04:53] Yes, he does, because he wanted to basically pause all travel from anywhere…
Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:04:55] No.
Nadhim Zahawi[00:04:57] …and then you had a different position…
Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:04:58] No, no, no [voices overlap 0:05:00].
Nadhim Zahawi[00:04:59] …and tonight it's a third position for Labour.
Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:05:01] No, it's not.
Nadhim Zahawi[00:05:02] The reality is this is really, really difficult. This year is not a normal year, and people should look at both the Foreign Office advice on travel, but also those countries, whether it be the green list countries and their advice…because we are all having to deal with this pandemic throughout the whole world.
Fiona Bruce[00:05:20] Okay.
Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:05:21] With respect, Nadhim, that is not correct. Our position is to pause the loosening of international travel and think again. And there is not an inconsistent position on that, apart from the Prime Minister…Nadhim Zahawi[00:15:54] The evidence of people… Well, let me just address that, Fiona, for a second. The evidence for people coming from Pakistan was that the variant of concern was the so called South African variant. That wasn't the evidence from India, and the positivity of those travellers was higher from Pakistan than it was from India.
Fiona Bruce[00:16:17] So the COVID test positivity was five per cent for travellers from India between 25 March and 7 April. It was six per cent for Pakistan and four per cent for Bangladesh.
Nadhim Zahawi[00:16:25] But I was about to…but there is a variant of concern…
Fiona Bruce[00:16:27] So how does your argument hold water?
Nadhim Zahawi[00:16:30] Because I was explaining to you that the variant of concern out of Pakistan was the so called South African variant. There was no variant of concern. We put India on the red list on 23 April, you can check this…
Fiona Bruce[00:16:39] And it was a month earlier than that that the first mutant variant was detected in India.Harriet Green[00:25:03] Indeed. I think many views have been expressed. I would just add three things. I think that this sense of, of course, borders is important, but this whole pandemic, we are only as a human race as strong as the weakest link. So the comments that were made earlier about the kneejerk reactions, I think firstly learning from… I don't know how organisations go about learning from other countries who are either more advanced or have had greater exposure…Fiona Bruce[00:25:41] But in terms of the question, Harriet…Harriet Green[00:25:42] Yes.Fiona Bruce[00:25:43] …sorry, just to really pin you down, did the government fail by not closing borders to India when they had the chance?Harriet Green[00:25:47] And all of last year when borders should have been shut, yes, of course.Fiona Bruce[00:25:51] Okay. Nick.Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:25:54] Yes, the government made a profound error by not adding India to the red list on 9 April with Pakistan and Bangladesh. Nadhim gave an explanation of a variant. That's the second different explanation I've heard from government ministers this week. The Health Secretary is claiming it's because the positivity rate in Pakistan was three times that of India, which the evidence doesn't bear out in any way, and won't even tell us what the source of that data is. It isn't something that was said later on. People were saying it at the time. I questioned it at the time, as did many, many others. It wasn't until 19 April, that's the point at which the Prime Minister cancelled that scheduled trip to India that was due on the 25th, then India was added on the red list on the 23rd. In those 14 days, by the way, from the 9th to the 23rd we think around about 20,000 arrivals from India… It was a blunder of the first magnitude. India should have been added to the red list on the 9th.Fiona Bruce[00:22:48] Richard.
Richard Walker[00:22:50] Yeah, I think to answer Collette's question, time will tell. We're right in the middle of this 3D game of chess, and certainly where we're standing today with a bit of hindsight of course we wish that we'd have closed India off earlier and maybe delayed the spread of that virus coming to our shores. But I think we're still in the middle of this and therefore we do need more time effectively to judge. But the one thing I would just like to add is I think Nadhim and his team have done a remarkable job on the vaccine rollout, which of course is genuinely world leading and is well on the way to our ultimate cure which is of course getting everyone vaccinated. I think it has been really impressive. There's obviously a lot more to do, but ultimately that's our main battle against this awful disease.
Fiona Bruce[00:23:45] Nadhim, are we going to be getting information tomorrow about quite how well the vaccination programme is working against the Indian variant? I noticed you were looking pretty chipper when you arrived at the studio today, I kind of got the feeling that good news might be coming. Can you tell us anything?Professor Devi Sridhar[00:09:48] Yeah. I think what we have to remember is that most countries in the world have border restrictions. This is a debate happening across the world. And actually if I look at South Korea, they said don't go abroad from March 2020. If I want to travel to India today I cannot, they will not let me in because I am not a national of that country. So I think right now Britain is in a great position, and full credit to Minister Zahawi for the vaccine programme, but why would we endanger that by actually having open movement of individuals in and out when we still have a lot of people unvaccinated, we still have a new variant that we don't fully understand in terms of immune protection, and so I think right now we should be cautious and tell people stay at home. Also, I'm from Miami. I miss the sunshine, I miss the blue skies. I haven't seen my family in a year and a half. But we are in an emergency situation. There is massive unemployment, there are more kids that have been out of school and disadvantaged. There are real problems, and I'm willing to say actually I'd rather focus on those as a society than put aside and say I will see my family, and until then it's WhatsApp and Facetime.Collette Unknown[00:14:41] Thank you, Fiona. Hello panel. Did the government fail by not closing borders to India when they had the chance?
Fiona Bruce[00:14:46] Nadhim.
Nadhim Zahawi[00:14:49] Collette, so we put India on the red list on 23 April, a full six days before the scientists, the virologists actually said that the B1617.2 variant is a variant under investigation, and a full two weeks before it became a variant of concern. If you are travelling from a red list country you have to go into hotel quarantine, you have to do three tests, a pre-departure test, a test after two days, test after eight days. If you are travelling from an amber country you have to do three tests pre-departure, two and eight, and quarantine for ten days as well.
Fiona Bruce[00:15:28] No, hang on, we're talking about India specifically.
Nadhim Zahawi[00:15:32] Yes, and…
Fiona Bruce[00:15:33] Just to understand this. On 3 April when Bangladesh and Pakistan were placed on the red list their seven day daily case averages were 33 per million and 21 per million respectively. India's was 53 per million, so why were they not put on the red list then?
Nadhim Zahawi[00:15:48] So I was about to complete the answer to say that we can only act on the evidence that we have.
Fiona Bruce[00:15:52] But that's pretty good evidence, isn't it?
Nadhim Zahawi
[00:23:59] Well, obviously we're waiting to see more information from Public Health England, but the joint committee on vaccination and immunisation and of course the early clinical evidence from Oxford laboratory evidence is that the vaccines work on the so called Indian…the B1617.2 variant, and as Professor Van-Tam said yesterday that he's feeling it's maybe a little bit more infectious, so maybe 20, 30 per cent, not the 50 per cent more infectious. So we need to keep vaccinating at scale. The important thing is to continue with the vaccination programme, people come forward and test…

Fiona Bruce
[00:24:40] Okay. But in terms of what we might be hearing either tomorrow or the next few days, are you expecting good news?

Nadhim Zahawi
[00:24:46] Obviously Public Health England will share data when the data comes through on this.

Fiona Bruce
[00:24:51] Okay. I'll do my best to get it out of you, Nadhim. I'll keep trying throughout the programme. Harriet, did the government close the borders too late when it comes to India?

Harriet Green
[00:24:59] Well, I think already…

Fiona Bruce
[00:24:59] In fact, well, of course the border isn't closed because people can still come in from India but they now have to quarantine.
Fiona Bruce[00:21:10] Lots of hands up. Let's hear from some of you in our audience. Will.

Will Unknown[00:21:15] Yeah. Six days before the variant became a concern, I mean, that's just absolute nonsense. Coronavirus is a concern full stop. Who cares if it was a different variant? It should just not have happened, right? We've got such close ties with India that we were always going to get a surge if we didn't put them on the red list.

Fiona Bruce[00:21:37] Chris.

Chris Unknown[00:21:40] Well, Nadhim, hopefully you'll remember me from 6 January episode. I shared a very personal story about this lady next to me, my mum who passed away from COVID. We're not learning. We're not learning. How many months on are we now? We're really not learning. This country, we have the ability, or we had the ability, should I say… It's already here. All the variants are here. The variants are affecting people, and it's here. There will be more variants that are coming. We had the opportunity to make the right decisions back then, six days before saying the Indian variant was a variant of concern. How many more lives are going to be lost to this because of these decisions that are being made? We are just going to keep going full circle. More people are going to lose their loved ones. I've already lost my mum, I don't want to lose anybody else and I don't want any of you to lose anybody else because of the bad decisions being made. Close the borders. Get this country vaccinated, and then let's recover. We have a brilliant country. Let's promote those staycations and let's keep ourselves safe. Thank you.Richard Walker[00:12:00] One in ten people are employed in travel and tourism in this business and in this country and it's their livelihoods that's at stake, and indeed the wider economy. I think we wiped off something like £150 billion last year off our economy because of the shut down in travel. And finally, the wellness and mental health of that well-earned holiday in the sun, albeit not in Greenland, a week abroad, which is something to aspire to. I'd just like to end by saying that I think ultimately it's a bit irrelevant anyway because we cannot hermetically seal our borders. Whilst people in and out of airports has dropped 95 per cent, actually there's 10,000 trucks a day coming over our land borders to pay for things like the clothes we wear, the food we eat, and indeed all the vaccines that we're getting jabbed with, or some of them. So I think we kind of need to face reality here and understand that we cannot make ourselves completely COVID secure and safe for everyone and just seal up the country.Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:30:36] But in terms of this particular announcement I do worry about the gap between rhetoric and reality, because we've had in seven years, by the way, 60 different rail projects announced for the North of England by this government and we've yet to see a spade in the ground, so forgive me for being sceptical about this particular announcement. But my concern is this, my constituents and people around the country, what they want to see is an efficient railway available to them with reasonable phase and a timetable that works. Remember it was a disaster with the timetable in 2018 that led to this review being set up in the first place. My worry about the plans as they've been set out is, yes, there is that increased measure of public input. It is this arm's length government body it looks like that is going to have this central coordination. But you've still got concessions being run by private companies, and my real concern is that you end up, as it were, nationalising the risk and privatising the profit instead of making sure that it's value for money on the railways that we should be putting first.Fiona Bruce[00:31:42] Quite a few hands up here. Charlie, let's hear from you.
Charlie Unknown[00:31:45] Thank you. I was just listening to Nick then and I think what he's saying is fundamentally wrong about the risk. However, generally I do think privatisation is a positive thing, but in this case, in the railways, it just hasn't worked. It's been a problem ever since it was brought in as a rush job at the end of the Major government. I was working in the legal sector when it came in 20 odd years ago, and the amount of fees that were generated by dealing with the private companies to get the rolling stock, to get everything… I mean, there was money just spewing out all over the place. If we can bring it back, let's just bring it back and let's make it sensible.
Fiona Bruce[00:32:32] Okay. When you say bring it back do you mean bring it back into public ownership?
Charlie Unknown[00:32:37] More so, yes. Although I'm a great fan of privatisation I just don't think it works on the railways.Harriet Green[00:29:40] I think there are two things from my perspective. One isn't gimmicky and the other one worries me. The first on one level of accountability, so the timeliness of the trains, the cleanliness, the schedule. There's a single point of responsibility and accountability. I think that makes sense, and listening to the inputs that have been received, that's good. What worries me is that with that single point of contact is this then the innovation that has had more people on trains than in any other time in the last century with the innovation, the creativity, will that all be lost because ministers, because government, because Whitehall run the trains? So I think…Fiona Bruce[00:30:15] So you're seeing that potentially as the dead hand of the state are you?Harriet Green[00:30:18] Yeah. Fiona Bruce[00:30:19] Okay. Nick, clearly that's not your view inasmuch as the more state involvement the better as far as you're concerned.Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:30:25] Well, no, that isn't my view. But I am concerned about the gap that exists between…Fiona Bruce[00:30:30] So what is Labour's policy then?Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:30:31] I'll come to that. I believe in a publically owned railway, and I'll come to that in a moment.Fiona Bruce[00:30:35] Yes. Exactly.Fiona Bruce[00:43:47] I mean, it's worth saying that Mark Drakeford in Wales has also been very vocal about it, and I know that a number of farming representatives have voiced the opinion that they feel farmers are being thrown under the bus. Nadhim, one concern expressed by some in the farming communities is that if this deal with Australia goes ahead it will be a template for other big, almost industrial scale meat producers such as Brazil, other countries in South America, for example. Is that a concern?
Nadhim Zahawi[00:44:15] Well, a couple of things on that. One, I would certainly, whether I was in politics or outside of politics, feel a lot happier that it is our accountable politicians, Liz Truss, negotiating these deals on our behalf versus what deals we would have to live with and our farmers have to live with which is being negotiated by a group of commissioners that represent 27 countries in Europe, so actually the accountability, and we're having this debate here today, is a good thing. But let's wait and see…Fiona Bruce[00:26:57] I just want to hear from a couple more people in our audience before I move on. In our audience, it's confusing, we've got two Richards here, but Richard in our audience.
Richard Unknown[00:27:03] All these numbers, are we really talking about the right thing? Do we do this thing, do we do that thing? All it is is politicking. There's only really two numbers that are important here and that's jab one and jab two. When we had the first lockdown we had that and we saw the numbers decline, then we opened up a little bit, the numbers went up again. We had the second lockdown, the numbers declined, we opened it up again, the numbers went up again. We've had the third lockdown, the numbers declined. We've opened it up again and they've stayed declined, and that's because people are getting the two jabs in. My question to Nadhim would be we know that, we know that's the only thing that's really working here. What are you going to do to increase those numbers so that we can really all be safe?Fiona Bruce[00:27:43] Okay. And let me hear from Hannah.Hannah Unknown[00:27:47] Hi, yeah, we're talking about India specifically and to Collette's question. I appreciate there may not have been a variant of concern, but we know that the coronavirus mutates when it's in high circulation. If you've got a very small, localised cases of coronavirus you're less likely to get a mutation. So based on the numbers that we had from India, based on what was happening, we know a variant was likely. So I think there may not have been a variant of concern, but it should have been expected. It wasn't unreasonable to expect a variant of concern and therefore to shut borders earlier before you found it. It wasn't unreasonable.Fiona Bruce[00:28:29] Okay. I'm going to move on and take another question now. We've had a number of people wanting to ask about this. Let's hear from Fatima Bhula.Fatima Bhula[00:28:36] Thank you. Is Great British Railways just another headline grabbing gimmick or will it actually make rail travel cheaper and more efficient?
Fiona Bruce[00:28:46] So this is the announcement today by the government that Network Rail is effectively going to be subsumed over a period of time into Great British Railways which will also take charge, not only just of the infrastructure of the railways, but also of ticketing and timetables, certainly in England and Wales. Going to be slightly different in Scotland. Harriet, another gimmick? Is this going to make much of a difference?
Harriet Green[00:29:11] I think firstly it appears from what's been shared that the commuters were really listened to. So I think it's always good when people are actually using the service are consulted, and it seemed a very intensive set of what are the issues we're dealing with. Fiona Bruce[00:44:46] But will this deal be a good thing?
Nadhim Zahawi[00:44:47] Well, let's wait and see what this deal looks like. It will absolutely be one that protects our high quality farming, our animal husbandry. That is not for negotiation. So let's wait and see what the deal looks like. But if you step back a second it's actually a good thing, as Harriet says, that we are negotiating trade deals for ourselves and we make those decisions and we have to go out and explain to our public as to why these things are good and how we're protecting…
Fiona Bruce[00:45:15] Well, that's why I'm asking what… But we're not really getting the details from the government.
Nadhim Zahawi[00:45:18] Well, no. But what I'm saying to you is until we have the details we can't really have a discussion as the details at the moment are being negotiated. All I would say to our farmers is that the high quality of farming and animal husbandry is not to be negotiated. That is not to be compromised in any trade deal negotiation.Fiona Bruce[00:35:45] Richard.Richard Walker[00:35:47] Yeah, it's a really interesting debate, this, because when you walk down the high street, and unfortunately for me there are many frozen pea purveyors and as a consumer you can go pretty much where you like. But if it's the water that comes out of your tap or indeed the train that I took from Crewe to Euston today you don't have that choice, and therefore perhaps surprisingly as a capitalist I'm actually all in favour of public ownership for monopolies. Now, if this is that I think that's a positive step forward, and I very much hope that it gives a better deal for consumers, not just in terms of price, which I know too well, but also in terms of service. So, yeah, I think it's a beneficial thing. But I'm repeatedly told by my dad – it was before my time – that National Rail was an absolute shambles. So nationalisation of trains isn't all it's cracked up to be.Fiona Bruce[00:36:49] You mean in the days of British Rail?Richard Walker[00:36:50] British Rail. So all I would say is that we properly fund this new facility so that as end consumers we get the best deal possible.Fiona Bruce[00:37:01] Okay. Sue, you had your hand up.
Sue Unknown[00:37:04] Yes, thank you. Yeah, I totally agree, I think we do need some investment in the railway. I can't remember the last time I went on a train. I live in rural Wales, it takes me 90 minutes to get to a mainline station, cost me over £100 just to get to London, and I can't even go from the south of Wales to the north, I have to go via England. So yeah, we need some investment and efficiency.
Fiona Bruce[00:37:34] Steve.
Steve Unknown[00:37:36] Yeah, it seems that the private companies that run the rails always seem to be asking the government for handouts, and it just makes sense to me to cut out the middle man. If you remove a profit motive from those companies surely there's more money to spread around and actually use it for buying rolling stock and making the experience better.
Fiona Bruce[00:37:56] Some of the money from the private companies is returned to the public purse, it's worth pointing out. Fiona Bruce[00:38:05] And, Devi, it's going to be done slightly differently in Scotland, because in Scotland the Scottish government is going to take over ticketing and timetabling and Great British Rail is going to take over the infrastructure. Is that going to be a better system? I mean, the government's saying the advantage of the system here in England and Wales is that you'll have one body, if you like, responsible for it all, and Scotland you're going to do things slightly differently.Professor Devi Sridhar[00:38:25] Yeah. I mean, I can't speak specifically to a Scottish versus English question, but I think the point I'd like to make is climate change is a huge problem and one of the only slightly positive things out of COVID has been reduction in air traffic which we know contributes to that, and I don't understand why it's so much cheaper and simpler to fly across the country than it is to take trains. So if the government's serious about climate change and about cutting down emissions, one of the simplest ways to subsidise…because it's so expensive, it's much cheaper to fly than to take a train, and I just don't understand that right now because people will take trains but you have to make it easy and simple and cheap.
Richard Walker[00:42:45] My buyers are telling me actually it won't be that cheap by the time it ends up on our shores.

Harriet Green[00:42:47] Indeed.

Richard Walker[00:42:48] Whilst it's very cheap to produce, when you add on the transportation costs actually our calculations are that it won't be so cheap at the end of it.

Fiona Bruce [00:42:57] Martin, let me come back to you. You're a dairy farmer not a beef and lamb farmer, but what's your view and that of other farmers that you're talking to?

Martin Unknown[00:43:08] I think, like Richard said, I spoke to some sheep farmers today to do some research on it and they were saying that really Australia are going to export to China. There's not a huge amount of product that actually hits our shore at the moment. They're not hitting their quotas that are actually available to them. And it's almost a bit of a false… I think the SNP have kind of stirred it up with the crofter debate and saying it was going to put other farms out of business. But a crofter is not competing on the mass market supermarket shelf.Fiona Bruce
[00:18:36] How are you going to make Collette trust you then, Nadhim?

Nadhim Zahawi
[00:18:37] So I'll try and have a go. One is that the early evidence is that the vaccines work on the Indian variant, and the JCV or the joint committee on vaccination and immunisation bringing forward the second dose to eight week interval is making a difference. We are serge vaccinating in areas like Bolton and Blackburn and Darwin. We're also surge testing in those areas, and I think the thing to do is to make sure we continue to vaccinate at pace as Johnathan Van-Tam, the Deputy Chief Medical Officer, has said, this is a race between the vaccine and of course the test, trace and isolate, and the virus. The virus will continue to mutate, we have to make sure… Part of my role is to future proof the vaccination programme so that if there is a virus of concern we have a variant vaccine ready for it, which is why we're doing that work, and we'll talk more about that now, but…

Fiona Bruce
[00:19:38] Okay. That's not quite what Collette was talking about I don't think. But, Devi, let's hear from you.
Richard Walker[00:40:06] No. Increasingly we're becoming British in our sourcing decisions, we're British chicken, British beef, because that's what customers want, and that's me and all of our competitors as well. I think it's maybe a bit of a false dichotomy, this, because there's a quota on New Zealand lamb at the moment which has never once been hit, and I think that's driven by the customer, but also it's driven by simple economics. If you're an Australian beef farmer then you're probably best following the money and selling it to your next door neighbour, China, and unfortunately their burgeoning demand for meat as opposed to a rainy, windswept island in the North Atlantic.
Fiona Bruce[00:40:51] Australia's biggest beef export is saying that exports in the UK could increase possibly up to ten fold if a deal like this is done.
Richard Walker[00:40:59] I don't see that from my perspective. I don't think customers want it, and I can't see that happening.Fiona Bruce[00:32:43] Okay. And, Fatima, you asked this question, what's your view?
Fatima Bhula[00:32:47] Well, I think while so ever the actual trains are being run by numerous companies with different ways of running and different innovations, I'm not really optimistic at all. I'm in the north and we had the Northern Rail fiasco for years and years. Pre-pandemic I used to travel all over the country, hundreds of miles a week using many different operators and it was just a nightmare, and I don't see it getting any better whilst so ever we've got different companies. So I think, yeah, public ownership is the only way.
Fiona Bruce[00:33:20] Okay. Christina.
Christina Unknown[00:33:22] I live in the North East and one of the things that we noticed is that there was tremendous service offered by GNER, but when it came to reallocating the franchise the franchise was taken away from them, even though the customer satisfaction was very high, and since then it's just been worse and worse and worse. Now, yes, the government makes money out of franchises, but when they accept a bidder they shouldn't just be looking at the highest offer, they should actually be looking at how the previous franchisee has handled things. And if, as in the case of GNER, you have somebody who's doing a really good job, they should be automatically in prime position for a renewal of that franchise. Unless there is some reason why they've failed or they don't want to do it…
Fiona Bruce[00:34:26] Okay. We…
Christina Unknown[00:34:27] …they should be given that opportunity, and then you wouldn't need to nationalise.Fiona Bruce
[00:34:31] Okay. We hear your point there, Christina. Nadhim, isn't this one Conservative government putting right something that was done wrong by a previous Conservative government under John Major? He was the one obviously that created the franchises, created Network Rail, et cetera, which Grant Shapps today is saying just doesn't work?

Nadhim Zahawi
[00:34:45] Well, no. I think what Grant is saying is we've got to learn and improve. So you look at, say, Transport for London, TFL, you've got the Underground, you've got the over ground run by a different company, you've got Docklands is a private company. So you can have a system that can be better integrated under Great British Railways, and the bit of it that I think everyone should be looking forward to is 21 June there'll be flexible travel which will hopefully save consumers money…

Fiona Bruce
[00:35:18] You mean flexible season tickets?

Nadhim Zahawi
[00:35:18] Absolutely. So that is a real strength of being able to, as Harriet said, listen to the commuters, listen to people who are using railways and come up with what I think is a better system that keeps the innovation but also integrates it and delivers a better service and a better outcome for all of us that are using the railways.
Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:55:35] Now that there is a ceasefire I think the UK government really needs to redouble its efforts on two things. I think in the immediate term we need to get humanitarian aid into Gaza urgently and to be building the alliances around the international community for that to happen. Secondly then to continue with the pressure for a genuine peace process. There is no way forward in my view apart from a secure Israel that is safe in its borders and a viable state of Palestine, and I believe that the UK government must use its diplomatic weight now to achieve those two things.Fiona Bruce[00:57:20] Okay, Christina, we hear you. I'm just going to cut in, sorry, because I've not got much time left and I've just got to let Richard here on the panel get a word in as well. Forgive me.

Richard Walker[00:57:29] No, it's absolutely heart breaking. It's also a complicated geopolitical issue with a lot of history and therefore I think at times like this as a humble shop keeper it's quite important to put your hands up and not profess to have any superior knowledge to what we all read in the papers or see on the TV. The one thing I have noticed however is potentially the one thing that unifies both sides is a disillusionment in the current political leadership and therefore one day the strong men will step aside or step down and lead to younger more progressive leaders who are more committed to a two state solution.Professor Devi Sridhar [00:54:10] And this is a final reflection, whether it's Israel and Palestine, whether it's about what's happening in the States among black men and the police, it's just such a shame that so many of these issues we forget the humanity in each other, that actually we're all people, we want to be happy and have meaning and live our lives, and we get caught up on religion and beliefs and skin colour and our differences when actually when you travel across the world most people are pretty similar in terms of what they want out of their lives.Fiona Bruce
[00:41:11] Harriet, is it a good deal? Is it sensible, is it sustainable, and could it offer a template for future deals?

Harriet Green
[00:41:16] Well, I don't think we know enough about the actual detail of this deal. But if you think we are no longer in the same position we were in the largest single market in the world in Europe, and so there is a requirement for government to be out negotiating trade deals. We already do close to 40 billion a year with Australia, we're their fifth largest trading partner, and I think other deals will need to be sought if we are to…not necessarily for beef. In fact, I spoke this morning to Australian colleagues and asked about this and they said, we haven't heard anything about this deal, no one here is talking about it. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:41:58] Well, some of them are, because they've been on the airwaves in the UK from Australia. But, anyway…

Harriet Green
[00:42:01] But the actual radio and TV… Because the question I asked was, what will you be getting from us? If we're supposedly getting your beef, what will you be getting from us, and no one seemed to know. So I do think trade deals and finding ways to create markets, the pan transpacific market that was being developed, I think you will see more of that, but I think consumers will make choice based on what's right for them, about sustainable eating locally, but trading partners with New Zealand, Australia, Indonesia, Singapore, these will become very much more important when the market we were in has inexorably changed, and it was the largest in the world.
Fiona Bruce[00:47:46] Nick, is this Australia trade deal a good deal for Britain?
Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:47:49] Well, it depends on its terms. I'm certainly in favour of completing a trade deal with Australia, but it has to contain a level playing field for our famers. So let's take, for example, hill farmers in my native Wales. Clearly it's going to be more difficult for them to compete with farmers in Australia on climate, for example, on space, on animal welfare standards and environmental standards which are higher here in the United Kingdom. So that has to be taken into account in putting this deal together. I'd expect the Australian government to stand up for its agricultural interests, of course it would. Our government must do the same and not sell out our farmers.
Fiona Bruce[00:48:31] Okay. Lots of nodding there from our audience I can see. Let's take a last question now from Will Drakes.Fiona Bruce[00:56:11] Christina.
Christina Unknown[00:56:12] One of the things that concerns me most is that the stated aim of Hamas is the total annihilation of the state of Israel. That's not something that you're going to be able to just negotiate away or say, well, would you be satisfied with just a little bit of annihilation on the side? The other concern I have is that a lot of this seems to be being funded by Iran and I think we're taking our eye of the ball here. Iran has been held down by Trump, but now I think Joe Biden is almost backing out of being a decent ally to Israel, and I don't think any responsible world leader should be backing away from a country which is only trying to defend itself in the face of a threat which is a total threat. It's not just let's teach them a lesson, this is destruction. It's an anti-Jewish [voices overlap 0:57:16], if you like. So let's look at where the money is coming from to fund this, [voices overlap 0:57:22]…Fiona Bruce[0:53:45] Devi.
Professor Devi Sridhar [00:53:46] Yeah. I mean, we have international human rights law exactly for this and we have seen clear breaches of it. We have seen children under attack, we have seen medical facilities under attack, doctors as well as journalists. These are supposed to be protected groups and yet we have seen even today the head of Gaza's COVID-19 programme killed which will have ramifications for the people living there. So I guess it's a deep problem. There's no easy solutions. But the international community need to come back to that there have been agreed international law and that states need to abide by that and try to get that compliance through pressure of the international community. Fiona Bruce[00:54:51] In terms of the role of the UK government, you think about the ceasefire that was brokered in 2014, Egypt played a major role in that. There was the Oslo channel many years previously. What can the UK actually be doing meaningfully to try and bring together some kind of understanding in the Middle East, in Israel and Palestine particularly?
Nick Thomas-Symonds[00:55:09] Well, the UK does have diplomatic weight around the world that it can use. I think the scenes we've seen over recent days have been awful and distressing, seeing the consequences of the Hamas rockets that have been fired into Israel and the consequence of the Israeli air strikes in Gaza, the schools, the hospitals, hundreds of civilians dead and so many children has been truly terrible. Fiona Bruce[00:47:02] Devi.
Professor Devi Sridhar [00:47:04] Yeah, and this also comes into a public health issue, because part of the reason that the UK was hit so hard with COVID-19 was because we had a public health problem. A lot of people weren't in the best physical condition because of unhealthy diet. And why is that? Because it's really expensive to eat well and to eat local and to eat vegetables and have fresh meat. So for me looking at this issue it should be actually how do we look at our food ecosystem right now in Britain and say how do we make it easier for people to make healthy and affordable choices so that in the next pandemic we can come out of this looking much better instead of revealing all the inequalities that we have already in terms of what you can access based on what is available and what it costs.Will Unknown[00:48:37] Hi. Should the UK and the international community be doing more to help Israel and Palestine find a meaningful, long lasting resolution?
Fiona Bruce[00:48:45] A ceasefire has been declared, so there has been progress of a sort after days of shelling and violence. Nadhim, should the UK be doing more to help find a long lasting solution? Because who knows how long this particular ceasefire will last.
Nadhim Zahawi[00:49:05] The simple answer is yes, and we have been doing. The Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab and the US Secretary of State Antony Blinken have worked tirelessly, one, to deescalate the situation… Obviously President Biden has made a huge difference, as has our Prime Minister to urge both sides…
Fiona Bruce[00:49:30] But there is no peace process at the moment. Is there anything the UK can do with the international community to try and foster a situation where that can start again?
Nadhim Zahawi[00:49:37] Well, we continue to work with our allies to at least attempt to try to get to a sustainable two state solution. That is where we need to land. I think this tragedy that has unfolded, and I think I it really is… Israelis, innocent children having rockets fired at them from the terrorist group Hamas or, sadly, innocent lives lost in Gaza. It is…
Fiona Bruce[00:50:12] In Israel as well.Fiona Bruce[00:52:28] Charlie.
Charlie Unknown[00:52:31] Thanks. Yes. I mean, obviously, yes, we should do more, however I'm not really sure what we should be doing, apart from engaging. It's so tricky. But if we can try and get to a situation where we start without blaming people or either side for stuff that was done in the past and let's just say, right, where do we want to get to and how do we get there, rather than bringing back references to things that have gone wrong in the past.
Fiona Bruce[00:53:00] Richard in the audience.
Richard Unknown[00:53:02] Thank you, Fiona. Yeah, I agree with Charlie there. Do we actually know what the two sides want here? And ultimately I'm not too sure that we can ever arrive at a solution where the two sides can work together. The best I think we can hope for is that each side works in their own little worlds under their own little cultures and if there is any interaction between the two it's on some kind of guidelines that maybe we could produce something for. But to try and get some kind of coming togetherness, this is too deep rooted for that in my opinion, and really it's a case of let's live in our own communities and take it from there.Nadhim Zahawi
[00:50:13] In Israel, absolutely right. And we need to strain every sinew, as I think the US administration is equally committed to to get to a sustainable two state solution.

Fiona Bruce
[00:50:27] Harriet.

Harriet Green
[00:50:28] Yes, I agree with Nadhim, and I think that there's also a dimension in the horror of this that we have all seen. The extent to which fake news is used by all parties to intensify the suffering. It adds no value other than to escalate and to polarise.

Fiona Bruce
[00:50:50] And what you're referring to there is a number of videos that have been circulated online from both sides which have been showing violence that actually either took place at a different time or was actually in a different country.

Harriet Green
[00:51:01] Different wars, different time.

Fiona Bruce
[00:51:01] So in terms of the UK and the international community trying to find a long lasting solution… I mean, what we've seen in the last few days has been horrifying…

Harriet Green
[00:51:10] Yeah.

Fiona Bruce
[00:51:10] We now have a ceasefire. Who knows how fragile that is.

Harriet Green
[00:51:13] Yes.
Professor Devi Sridhar[00:19:45] Yeah, it is astonishing, because actually by the point we were discussing in early April you saw New Zealand stop all flights from India, including for their own nationals. You saw Hong Kong stopping flights. Countries can't completely seal themselves off, but they delayed the entry. The problem we now have is twofold. First, we're pretty sure it's pretty transmissible, at least as much as B117, if not more, and that means the race just became even faster to get those younger people, the 30s and 40 year olds, the 20 year olds, people like me as well who are just unvaccinated and completely susceptible. So things might open, my risk does not necessarily change because I have no additional protection. The second thing is does it evade our vaccines? And yes, the vaccines look remarkable, they are holding up. Get vaccinated, you're in a much better position. But there's some uncertainty, and we always know with uncertainty we have to be cautious because we just don't know, and once we know, we can act. But I think right now our Achilles heel in Britain has been the borders and making sure that we don't have these repeated lockdown cycles. Because I think right now domestic recovery should be the focus. Domestic tourism, getting local businesses going. Ask people to fill up our hotels here, fill up tours here, go to your local shops. Edinburgh's suffering. We don't have the festival on as normal. We have lots of people here. So I say go to restaurants, go to shops, enjoy your life, but do it here on this island. We've, what, 66 million people in Britain. That's enough people for me to be with for the next few months while we get through this problem.Fiona Bruce[00:39:02] Okay. We've got another question now from Martin Smith.
Martin Unknown[00:39:06] Can importing beef and lamb 12,000 miles be sustainable, sensible, and a good deal for British farmers?
Fiona Bruce[00:39:18] So you are referring, Martin, I assume to the talk of this UK, Australia trade deal. There are lots of reports about tariff free access for Australia to the UK in terms of sending Australian beef and lamb over to the UK. These are just reports. We don't have any exact details yet. Richard.
Richard Walker[00:39:36] Ultimately, no, I don't think it's particularly sustainable. As a planet we need to be eating less meat and better quality meat, and I think adding onto the huge carbon footprint of meat already by shipping it to the other side of the planet is probably not the smartest thing to do.
Fiona Bruce[00:40:00] I mean, we do already do that of course with New Zealand lamb. Do you think customers will want meat from Australia if it's cheaper, basically?Fiona Bruce[00:51:14] What more can be done?Harriet Green[00:51:16] I certainly think that if those efforts that you described are happening they haven't been visible to us. So I think that re-establishing a peace process that… I mean, if this is not managed the escalation that we've just seen, if this extrapolates from just the escalation of the last couple of weeks I think it means this has to be a priority, not just for our government or the American government, but we need a fully established peace process to try and find a path to the two state solution again.Fiona Bruce[0:51:56] Carlos.Carlos Unknown[00:51:58] Yeah, I was also very upset by some of the propaganda on social media, and on this issue, like many others, I'm often left thinking that the reason why fake news is so effective is that we really don't know enough about the issue. I think the origins of these problems I don't think we discuss them enough in the media so it leaves us quite vulnerable to that manipulation.Fiona Bruce[00:07:37] Dale.
Dale Unknown[00:07:41] It's common sense that we close the borders until we know about the Indian variant and how that's going to pan out, because it's only going to get worse, and then there's going to be another lockdown and we're just going to be in this whole cycle all over again. So in the first lockdown everything should have been closed, the borders should have been closed, no flights coming in, no going out, until we know exactly what we're dealing with. Because at the moment with the Indian variant we haven't actually got a clue.
Fiona Bruce[00:08:11] Okay. Harriet, let me come to you as former head of Thomas Cook. Should we be abandoning trips abroad for the next few weeks or for the summer?
Harriet Green[00:08:18] I think you can hear by the exchange, and I think the frustration and the confusion and the sense of we can, we can't really I think causes more harm than good. So I think, as we just heard, the exchange frustrates us all. If I was the head of a travel company I would be very frustrated in terms of you have regulations, you have a change of traffic light system, you engage with certain vacations and certain approaches. So I think there is real frustration. I do think when we come on to talk about why caution is required and what is really happening in the world and in other parts of the world that we can learn from that some of what Carlos and Dale and Sam have said is worth listening to. But it is so frustrating right now.Fiona Bruce [00:12:58] Devi, you wanted to come back in there.

Professor Devi Sridhar [00:12:58] Yeah. I mean, I don't think anyone's saying seal off the country. I'm saying that the system we have right now, the red, amber, green list, isn't working. You're having red and green list passengers mixing at airport terminals, and obviously the Indian variant has spread which shows that the system doesn't work. But there are other systems. The United States and the EU are opening to people who are fully vaccinated and if they have a negative PCR test, and, as you say, that's much lower risk because you're unlikely to pass it on. It happens, but it's a much smaller risk. So I think we should be transitioning to that system rather than on this red, amber, green, which is just confusing, and if that means we need to wait a few more months, we'll have everyone done by mid-July, at least one dose, accelerating hopefully by August, so by October there's a real chance to open up with vaccine passports across the world, which is what we'd done with yellow fever, and I think this is the way the world is going. So in a way it's just patience now for a few more weeks and then that holiday will come.
Nadhim Zahawi
[00:16:43] But the first variant of investigation was a full six days after we put India on the red list and then that variant moved to being a variant of concern a full two weeks after the 23 April. So we can only act on the evidence that we have. The important thing is to have really strong border controls. And I have to say, it's really important for the audience to understand this, and the point is really well made, Singapore, and I think Singapore was mentioned earlier, Australia has found the B1617.2, which is why they're having to take further precautions now in Singapore, and they are seen as best of breed in terms of their border controls throughout this pandemic. So I think the right thing to do is to follow the evidence and to act…

Fiona Bruce
[00:17:31] Okay.

Nadhim Zahawi
[00:17:32] …when the variant becomes a variant of concern, and that's what we did on India.

Fiona Bruce
[00:17:35] All right. Collette, you asked the question, you're shaking your head.
Collette Unknown[00:17:38] 
Yeah, thank you, Fiona. I want to get back to my question, Nadhim. Did your government fail by not closing the borders? On 9 April the cases in India were at 90,000 a day. It was reported all over the media, and, quite frankly, you didn't have to be a minister or a virologist to actually work out there's a problem here. I do believe that our government have done one thing… I feel like I'm in a groundhog day. Why do we have Brazilian, South African, Indian variants in our country? And if you remember to our COVID special back on 6 January we talked about playing the hokey-cokey. Our government [inaudible 0:18:09] you don't know if you're coming or going or which way you're going to go round next. But one thing is clear, how many lives is this going to cost? You're doing testing all over the country, there's cases in 117 areas of the country now, and, quite frankly, what are you learning? What is your plan? You seem to be shooting from the hip and have absolutely no direction. I don't trust you.Fiona Bruce[00:45:38] Okay. Dale.
Dale Unknown[00:45:42] I just think we need to start going back to home grown in the UK, our meat and everything that we have that we need for food. That should be our first point of call. Obviously it gets down the air miles, CO2, helps the environment and everything. So let's start looking at growing things and producing things in Great Britain, because we're a great country and we make amazing products, and we can sell them across the world, and citizens across the world want to buy it, so let's start looking at us first.
Fiona Bruce[00:46:17] Charlie.
Charlie Unknown[00:46:19] Yeah, it strikes me this is a bit of a non-issue to be perfectly honest, because, as Martin said, there will be a demand for the Australian meat going to China and the Far East, and, as Richard said, hopefully as UK customers we will chose in the supermarket the food that we want to eat, and hopefully we will chose British, but ultimately it will be our choice. I don't want to have it regulated by anyone about my choice, which is again what Nadhim was saying about the EU commissioners. Let's widen the range of what we can have and let's make more sensible choices ourselves.Nadhim Zahawi

[00:05:31]How long would you pause it for, Nick? 
Nick Thomas-Symonds

[00:05:32] To be frank, in terms of getting the green list
into place I think it needs a very short period indeed to get those 12
countries onto the green list. They will be then reviewed on a three weekly
period. We know there is another checkpoint on 28 June. What the government
needs to do urgently…so we're not talking about waiting, we're talking about
urgently, sort out the mess at the airports that we can all see happening and
support the airports to be able to separate those passengers in a safe way.
Secondly, put the amber list onto the red list, you can then move very quickly
to that green list, but you must [voices overlap 0:06:06]. Fiona Bruce

[00:06:07] 
Okay, let's… 
Nadhim Zahawi

[00:06:06] 
Nick, you're all over the place on this. Airports
are doing that work. We're talking to them. The Secretary of State for
Transport today talked about us working with the airports to see how we use
terminals to make sure that people who are coming through, residents and
nationals… 
Fiona Bruce

[00:06:22] 
Yes, but, if… 
Nadhim Zahawi

[00:06:22] 
…who have to come back from a red list go into
hotel quarantine.Fiona Bruce[00:00:00] Our first question from Tim.

AudienceMember 20210610QT01[0:00:04] Good evening. The government is committed to 1.4 billion for the schools catchup. Are the government waiting for Marcus Rashford to step in before they sort the rest of the funding out?
 
PETER KYLE : [00:38:00] Kevin Collins was hired by the prime minister and he would have known the direction of travel. When he came back with the report, which was very, very obvious what it was going to report for quite a long time leading up to it, it's very in line with what all the other countries similar to Britain and our committees are calling for.[FIONA BRUCE] : He also said you are failing a generation of schoolchildren. [LUCY FRAZER] : If I explain the additional money he asked for. The additional money people have been talking about over the last 24 hours, that all relates to extra -- the additional hours for teaching for the school day. And the issue about that is it might be a brilliant idea, it could be a brilliant idea and, if delivered not right away, may well improve life chances, but the evidence isn't as clear at the moment of the evidence of the one-to-one tuition.[PETER KYLE] : The US are spending 30 times more than Britain. You're spending 50 per child. How on Earth do you expect students to catch up with £50 over two years? I mean, it is just not going to happen. 
[LUCY FRAZER] : I'll come back to Peter's point in a minute. If I just finish.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:34] Briefly. 
[LUCY FRAZER] : Briefly but an important point. The extra money is for the additional hours if we go beyond the school day. So we need to see the evidence as to whether that will improve life chances, and it may well do.[LUCY FRAZER] : I do. First of all I'm pleased that Tim brought up the question because I think children have had a really tough time. He is absolutely right that the government stands behind them and supports them. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : It is not standing behind its own education recovery tzar it is. 
[LUCY FRAZER] : What that money is going towards is one-to-one tuition. So 100 million hours of one to one tuition which the evidence says will really ensure that they catch up, is going to support teachers and giving temperatures additional training, going to early years. Those are all things that Kevin Collins set out and said we ought to do.[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : As we heard from the audience, this is failing children. But I'll tell you who else it is failing, in five years' time it will be failing business because people will not be skilled for the jobs that will be needed in the post-COVID economy. And, Tim, I loved you calling out Marcus Rashford. What we need is more people that make a difference. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Heather, what do you think of those who say it would be lovely to spend 15 billion on education but there are going to be so many demands on the public purse? This is one among many and ultimately is all going to have to be paid back one day.[JENNI MURRAY] : I have to say I was somewhat baffled when a real expert in education, Kevin Collins, was asked to be the author to show how we could get this serious situation up and running again. He came up with what I presume was a terrific plan because he really knew what he was talking about, needed £15 billion, a lot of money, admittedly, but it was a long-term plan for kids who really, really need help. You know, there are going to be young people leaving school very shortly who have had hardly any education for their final years, which is really worrying.PETER GREEN
Suddenly Boris Johnson says no, Richi Sunac cuts the money. Now, for students, what I couldn't understand from all of this, last week I met a parent of a kid who, with his friends, jumped over the fence of his school so that they could get into school and do some activity over the weekend and use the facilities that they have. What does that say about Britain right now? We have students who are breaking into school because they want to be in school so much and the barrier is the government stopping them. We don't have a government which is matching the wishes that young people have for themselves right now. We have a government that has a catch phrase about levelling up. If levelling up is not about students and education. If levelling up is not about investing our people, then what is it for?
[LUCY FRAZER] : We also -- it's quite a controversial measure. We have to ensure the unions are behind it, parents are behind it, students are behind it. If they are, and if we do get that evidence, the Department of Education is reviewing that, reviewing it at the moment in time for the spending review, and the prime minister has clearly said that is not the end of the money. So we may very well be open to spending that additional money, levelling up, as Jenni said, which is absolutely important, and giving children the point they need. Coming to Peter's point. The money that he says other countries are spending on education, we're not really comparing apples and pears. The statistics that have been bandied about over the last 24 hours, our 1.4 billion doesn't include --[JENNI MURRAY] : So then Gavin Williams says yesterday: Yes, he sort of accepted that the 15 billion would have to go down to 1.4 billion and he said, bizarrely, I found it particularly bizarre because I'm a Yorkshire woman, he said he was a Yorkshireman and he thought 1.4 billion was a lot of money. Yes, Gavin, a lot of money, but not enough. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Lucy, Boris Johnson said education was his biggest priority. Do you think it is looking like that right now? [FIONA BRUCE] : Hang on a minute. I must let our audience in. Statistics are coming from Kevin. He is talking about £310 per pupil, in the Netherlands it is 200. [PETER KYLE] : He asked for 700 per student, you are offer 50. [LUCY FRAZER] : He has done a fantastic job. But when he makes those calculations doesn't include the academy, the national Academy that the government set up. It doesn't include all the funding that we put in to the laptops. The 11.4 -- [FIONA BRUCE] : I'm going to let the audience in. I appreciate you are being asked a lot of questions from us on the panel but I must let the audience in as well. Colette.[FIONA BRUCE] : Donna, our children are precious and £50 per child is allowed are you saying. It is crazy land. If you are going to spend the money, listen to the man's advice. You're not taking it onboard. £50, honestly, it Boris Johnson spend £50 on his apartment? 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Let me go To Heather. 
[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : I think what was asked for was a lot more than extra hours of teaching. One of the things that Kevin Collins asked for was 100 extra hours of teaching a year for sixth formers and more funding for disadvantaged sixth formers. We in universities, and I sit here running a business in a University, are dealing with people coming inadequately prepared for coming to uni, in some cases not going to university at all.[PETER KYLE] : That's 7 months' time. Students will be leaving school. 

[LUCY FRAZER] : Can I just make one other point. It is really important. Because I, like you, think education is absolutely fundamentally important. It's one of the reasons I went into politics. I think it is really important we invest in young people. One of the first announcements that Boris Johnson made when he became leader of the country was to announce 14 billion pounds into education for the following three years. To level up every single primary and secondary school pupil so that we had a good baseline. That's a baseline, from which we are working. On top of that, we've just announced the 3 billion and the prime minister has said, very clearly, the door is not shut but we need to review the evidence. And the spending review will be coming up in the autumn and we will look at it then.[ANTHONY COSTELLO] : Children feel abandoned. They have lost their education. I think the figure is 110 days out of 190 they've had social isolation, mental health problems, they've lost their exams. Many people have lost their University experience and their vocational training. This is a disaster. James Heckman, the American economist, won his Nobel prize because he showed how each dollar or pound of investment gets a fantastic return the earlier you start, from pregnancy, early childhood development, primary schooling, secondary schooling. We spend most per head, interestingly, in this country on tertiary education rather than all the others and vocational. But that's a good thing as well. Children are our future and we need children not just to be invested in through the education system but in all policies. Because they're facing not only this pandemic, which is a kind of tea party compared to the disaster of climate change that we're going to face, and they need to have investment in all kinds of things: Play areas, transport, food systems, agriculture, environment, to reshape their lives for the future and give them an optimism to believe that they can really cope with what's going to be thrown at us from an unstable climate as well.[AudienceMember 20210610QT03]: Second, from a political, Machiavellian point of view, this is an age group of about 6 years' gap and they are going to damn this government forever. If you want people to vote for you, you have to do something about it otherwise you have lost that age group. So, please, sort it. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Lucy, let me come back to you. The second half of the question is are the government waiting for Marcus Rashford to step in before sorting it out? Is this a sort of policy where we are going to see a U-turn from the government? 
[LUCY FRAZER] : The Government have said clearly they are waiting to review the evidence. That's what they should do. Because we shouldn't make policy if it's not evidence-based. So it is absolutely right we review the evidence, we see what works. The spending review. It is unusual to announce funding outside of a funding review. What the Government has done is announced 1.4 billion outside -- [FIONA BRUCE] : There are quite a few hands up. Let me come back to our audience. Sam, you are the mother of five children. What's your view? [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Teachers have worked so hard over the last few months. It is disheartening to know that funding is going to be cut. My two boys now are going to be awaiting GCSE and A-level results in August. We pray that they've put enough work in, but the teachers have just been such a credit. I completely agree, you know, they've worked so hard with the kids. You know, it is so unfair that the funding is not going to be there. [FIONA BRUCE] : Charlie?AudienceMember 20210610QT03[0:12:22] Hi. I've got two daughters, one aged 20, one aged 18, second year of University, doing A-levels. The one at university, her experience has, quite frankly, been shafted. The A-level one, ditto. And we've got to a stage where, okay, sometimes that happens. Please don't let it affect other year groups. Let's do something about what we can and put money into those ones that we can actually affect and change.AudienceMember 20210610QT02
[0:06:30] Thank you. I'm quite shocked at what I'm hearing. Do we not think this generation has been failed enough? As an employer we're talking about students coming out -- you just said about coming out going to the employment market. You know, we can't fail this generation any more that's already been failed. They are going to be left with the tax bill of this and we owe it to them to put in the right amount of money. This will not fill that education gap for any schoolchildren or anybody in further education or anything else.
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Fatima?
 
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : So the extra funding is for tutoring the children who need it the most but what about in those schools and areas where the children who need it the most are the majority of the children? How are the teachers supposed to choose which of their students they support and which they leave to fend tore themselves. There isn't enough money to support everybody.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:50] okay. Shaun. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : I'm just thinking, you know, we are a country of around 66.5 million, you know, and I'm just -- if we keep -- you know, the gentlemen on the panel wants to consider a model of suppressing the virus. To what point? There are always going to be new variants. You know, you can't keep us locked up forever. We have to be released at some point. [ANTHONY COSTELLO] : Can I just say about lockdown, if you look at the countries that have been most successful, the Asian states, they suppress the virus by proper public health control measures. They have death rates of China 3 per million, Vietnam less than 1 per million. We're at 1,900 per million deaths and we've had three lockdowns, they've had none, their economy is thriving. If you think you can live with a dangerous virus like this that will keep coming back and throwing variants at us which are more and more transmissible and more virtual, we have another thing coming. We should have invested, we should have had a test, trace and isolate programme with properly supported isolation, which we still don't have in this country. We should have had that a year ago. We're just playing the same game time and time again.[LUCY FRAZER] : It is not just scientists that offer different points of view. Of course we need to listen to all the scientists, especially those on SAGE, and we all need to look at the data and take into account some of the things that your Panel have been saying in relation to other matters as well, impact on mental health, impact on the economy. So politicians look at the health data but then they have to look at everything in the round. Can I just answer one point that Anthony made because he compared us to other countries. And I think it is also important to look at what we've done in comparison to other countries on the vaccine. So, we're in a really strong position at the moment. We now know as of today we vaccinated 50 percent of adults. We're continuing to roll out that programme. That is one of the reasons why, if the data -- the other data is good, one of the reasons why we might be able to open up on 21 June.[FIONA BRUCE] : Lucy, let me come to you. What scientific advice should the government follow? We think about June 21. You heard what Anthony said, not a proper policy on test, trace, isolate, we are playing the same game time and again.
 
[LUCY FRAZER] : The scientific advice we should follow is the data. That's what we're going to do. We're going to look at the data on how the vaccinate programme is going, what new variants we have in the country, what is the hospitalisation number and the death rate.
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : What is it looking like for 21 June.
 
[LUCY FRAZER] : At the moment it is looking good, but we are going to continue to make that assessment in the coming days and up to 14 June when a decision will be made.
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : When it comes to Jenni's point about different scientists offering different points of view, as members of the public, what are we all supposed to make of it.
[Anthony Costello]
We need restrictions on indoor mixing and the wearing of masks and, realistically, we have to wait until we can get two dose levels up to, ideally above O percent. Because the more transmissible a virus, the more coverage you need in order to achieve herd immunity. So things could very quickly get out of control. Let's remember, a year ago in March we had 580 reported cases on 12 March, by the end of the month there were 1.8 million. 
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Heather, let me come to you. If what Anthony is suggesting does come to pass, that has huge implications for business.
 
[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : Yes, it does. But there's a big difference between being told we have to wear masks on 21 June and actually stopping things opening.
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : He is talking about a restriction on indoor mixing, for example.
 
[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : There are so many -- you have to remember, I mentioned earlier how many people in the air transport industry are still on furlough.
[ANTHONY COSTELLO] : No, you do have protection and you are protected against dying. You are not necessarily -- we have to state the facts, and this is the government figures released today, about the transmissibility and also about the -- the additional vaccines. We have to face reality. I'm not arguing for another national lockdown. I wish we had not had lockdowns and followed a much more oppressive policy. I would be going much more for a locally-led process. So hotspots can be closed down quickly. 
[JENNI MURRAY] : I'm sure you're right and very well informed but I'm in a position where, you know, we heard of so many lives that have been told in the last, is it 18 months, 15 months, however long it has been, we don't know who to trust. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Let's see what our audience make of that. Andrea. 
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : I'm just empathising massively with Jenni. Hi, everyone. I study micro biology in university. But that was about a million years ago. My comment on the coronavirus is why are we not making some kind of plan to encourage people to conform to the guides, the rules, the regulations that are there? We know wearing a mask works. Let's make that mandatory. Let's make it an offence not to wear a mask. What's happening with that?
[PETER KYLE] : Where we got it really wrong is when there's ambiguity. Remember at the beginning we were told the pubs were staying open but don't go to them. Everybody was confused. We were told to take our own advice, which wasn't good enough in a public health emergency. Right now we are being told we have amber, green and red. Make your own mind up if it is amber. We should have green and red, there shouldn't be an amber. We need absolutely crystal clarity so we can act together as a country and act together based on scientific advice we all understand and we can move forward as a country, not always being told one thing, advised another thing, then being made to feel personally responsible for it. [FIONA BRUCE] : Pierce, you said you were originally planning to go to Portugal. You mentioned the green list there, Peter. Portugal is now off the green list as of today. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : I just found out today. I didn't realise that until about an hour ago that Portugal is off the green list. It is very disappointing.Fiona Bruce[0:21:12] Jenni. 
[JENNI MURRAY] : I think, like the entire population, or most of the population, who are neither economists or scientists, I am completely confused. I'm 71 years old. I would really love everything to open up again. I want to be able to go inside a restaurant -- okay, it is sunny now, but when it is rainy and cold I would love to go inside a restaurant with my family and friends. Life to go back to normal. Have a good life for so long as I may have left. But I don't know. I was watching Newsnight the other night and they were discussing the 21st as it -- and one scientist, just like you, so no, no, we can't open up. We must keep this virus down. We mustn't let it spread again. And the other one said: No, it will be fine. We'll be okay. You know, we had lots of vaccinations. I'm double vaccinated and I keep getting tested regularly, but I'm still scared. I'm scared of getting it. My age group is kind of the most at-risk one and you just frighten me by saying how little protection I have with my double vaccine.[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : Anybody involved in the business, for instance, of music festivals, or festivals of any kind, there are still so many people who are not able to fully engage in the economy, and I don't think the virus is going away. I mean, the question was what scientific advice do we listen to. To my mind, the evidence -- we should listen to all the scientific advice but we have to find a way to let business operate.And the sooner we can do that, the sooner the tax take will increase then we will have more money for things like education that I think have much bigger long term implications.
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : I appreciate you are not a scientist, but do you think restrictions should carry on after 21 June or be lifted then or possibly sooner?

[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : If anything, I would like to see restrictions lifted sooner but I would like to see us work out a way to live with it on a longer term basis. We are going to be living with this virus for a very long time. What's going to happen on 21 June, there will be another date and another date. We need a permanent long-term solution. Business cannot live with this kind of knee-jerk reaction. The reaction to me is much too immediate and not really long term enough.[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : I agree with the point that we should follow the data rather than the dates, but impossible for people and businesses to figure out when we are going to be able to open up. You can't not have a day to work towards. I also think that with the amount of people that have been vaccinated with how long this has been going on, with the impact on children's mental health and on the economy in general that at some point we do need to, you know, draw some kind of line under this and say we have to accept this is another disease among all of the other diseases that we have to deal with. I am sympathetic to the view we need to unlock, we need to have our people vaccinated, which they are. We need to be clear -- I do agree with the Labour person, we need to be clear what is red and what is green. Portugal is on the amber list. I have no idea what that means for me personally. As an NHS employee, I imagine I can't travel. It would be easier if people knew what they can and can't do rather than what they may be able to do. To me we need a date. I think we need to have a balance between the economy and trying to save every single person going hospital.[FIONA BRUCE] : Peter, from a Labour perspective do you want 21 June delayed or do you want to press ahead with easing restrictions on that day? 
[PETER KYLE] : It should be following the data, not the date. I think Anthony is right on that. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Abbott any would like to 
[PETER KYLE] : He is saying what he thinks the data currently says. We need to get closer to the point. It was wrong to call it freedom day and signpost it so far in advance because we should have been seeing how the data -- focus on getting that down. The Labour Party has been constructive on this. We said months ago everybody who comes into the country should be hotel-isolated so we can properly isolate and suppress the virus. Only 1 percent of them still are to this day. That's irresponsible. We said that people who are forced to isolate should be given more support. At the moment only 10 percent of people who are asked to isolate are isolating. I have real sympathy with Andrea's point. Where we get this right as a country is where the messaging is crystal clear based on scientific advice we all understand.[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : We have to accept that, just like people, you know, a man dies of pros Tate cancer every 45 minutes in the UK, we're not up in arms about that every second of the day. We need to accept that this is going to be with us. We need to have a balance, I think, between the economy and people's lives and, you know, what we can do with our freedoms.[D 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Pierce, you mentioned mental health. We have a question on that. Let's take that now from Ryan. 
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Thank you, Fiona. My question is, as we see Naomi Osaka withdraw from the French Open, when will issues of mental health ever be seriously considered? 
[FIONA BRUCE] : For those of you not completely across this story, the world No. 2, Naomi Osaka, she pulled out the French Open after she decided she would no longer take part in post-match press matches. She has been fined for that and threatened with sanctions as well. Jenni.[LUCY FRAZER] : I'm sure they will be thinking about their reactions to that. But mental health is a big problem that we need to address. I think Heather was right to say we need to support young people in this. When I was on the Education Select Committee a number of years ago we did a report on mental health and how students were coping with it. I went to one of the schools in my constituency and I said I want you to ask me loads of questions about being an MP but do you mind if we spend the first minutes talking about mental health because I want to ask you the questions we're studying. In fact we spent the whole session on mental health because everybody wante to talk about it. So we do need to invest in schools, we need to support people in mental health and that is really, really important.Fiona Bruce[0:24:02] All right. Let's hear from some other people too. Will. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Maybe slightly unpopular, I think we should extend the deadline. We have a solution and its the vaccine. Why should we put more people at risk, 130,000-odd dead already, why put more at risk for the sake of potentially a few more weeks.Fiona Bruce[0:24:24] Tony.AudienceMember 20210610QT04[0:24:24] Good evening. I get the impression that Anthony wants to have his cake and eat it. On the one hand he is saying we should maintain a lockdown, then he says in the Far East they manage to continue to boom without a lockdown. So I'm as confused as Jenni. I thought that the vaccination programme was going really, really well. I thought we were on top of this and getting better by the day. Now we're told that, well, this is going to go on forever. At some point we've really got to regain our lives. Yes, we should have learned from what happened in Vietnam. Yes, we should have been wearing face masks much earlier, but I remember early in the lockdowns the scientists were poo-pooing masks saying this disease is transmitted by touch. So the advice just keeps changing. I wish all these people would get together, work out, learn from what others have been doing. We haven't done well but we haven't done as badly as some other countries. Let's move forward, get the population vaccinated, get out of it and move forward with sensible ideas that will allow us to regain our lives.[ANTHONY COSTELLO] : Get the coaches on. In soccer you don't get every football player interviewed after the match. Okay, it's a team game. But we heard so much about -- we are more open about it. When you think Serena Williams, Johnny Wilkinson, Alistair Campbell, Lady Georgia, they all talk about mental health now. But if she said she injured her knee, people think nothing of it. When she says "I have a mental health problem", which is quite courageous, she should have been looked after by the sports authorities.Fiona Bruce[0:35:32] Hannah. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : I think the press only really have themselves to blame for the fact that sports people don't want to talk to them. They have become more and more -- looking for the angle, the scoop, the story, the headline that is going to shift their article over the others. As a result they have isolated the people they are writing about. They no longer work with the sports people. They don't consider their mental health at all. They're solely focused on what they can get out of that interview. I think it should be -- it should reflect back on them and they should be limited in their access.
[PETER KYLE] : So I just ask people to be kind when we have situations like this. It is a genuine human thing to do. I'm sure that the sport, like every other profession, can identify individual people based on individual discussions and informative exchanges to people who just need to quietly be let off the hook on one or two things. We can't we do that in a sport with the resources that tennis has.

Fiona Bruce
[0:43:56] Tony.
 
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Thank you, Fiona. I'm sure when we make these life choices and sport is one of them, surely publicity and the press comes with the territory. I feel very sorry for Naomi but she should have anticipated that people would be interested in her story. She would be interviewed. I bet, Jenni, if she had had the opportunity on the day she would have had her on women's hour.
[PETER KYLE] : I understand and I have huge sympathy for landlords who are overwhelmingly decent people who are trying to support the people who are tenants to them, but there should be some form of compensation that can ease the transition in. People who have lost their jobs need to have time so they can readjust to the new economy coming out of -- rather than plunging them into this insecurity. Rough sleeping is going to go through the roof. There's going to be a huge turn in communities as pep are kicked out of their homes inment. [FIONA BRUCE] : Do you agree with shelter that no fault evictimisation should be band.Peter Kyle[0:48:00] Yes. I do. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Thank you, Fiona. I think tenants need a lot of support, but I believe that landlords, if you had your own house and you're supplying a tenant with a -- a lot of landlords have problems trying to get their property and do what they want with it.Fiona Bruce[0:41:56] Peter. 
[PETER KYLE] : I think it is a sad conversation that we're having here. I think every profession needs to have people from different backgrounds and apparently types that is driving creativity, whether sporting or artistic, politics, public life or any other walk of life, is informed by people's backgrounds. Some people have hidden challenges, other people have seen challenges. But Naomi has a challenge which is unseen and yet everybody is expecting her in her personality to conform to everything else. Her personality type is clearly helping her creativity and sporting performance. I do not see why it's not possible for her sport and the people running her sport to make an individual decision about whether individual players can cope with being in the public eye or not. Why would we drive people out of a sporting profession because they don't have the personality type, which is an alpha personality type? In politics, it is a huge shame that introverts find politics is impossible. We miss out on people who bring a different power to the way they think and the discussions that they have because they're too scared to get involved in the real to and fro.[JENNI MURRAY] : And I would have interviewed her beautifully and gently and taken great care of her mental health. When you do those kind of things day after day, but when you are in a sporting environment, you know -- I won't mention any names of people who I've -- 
[PETER KYLE] : We don't know, Tony, until you get into these positions. These people who go on to Love Island don't know what it's like to be under the spotlight. You think you know what it is like as a viewer, but when you get to the top of any profession, whether politics, sports, arts, there are lots of performers out there who can't perform live, they do it in the studio because they don't like it, they can't cope with it emotionally. Let's be a bit kinder to these people.[FIONA BRUCE] : Is now the time, Heather? [HEATHER MCGREGOR] : Just a point of clarification. There hasn't been a ban on evictions. Evictions have been possible throughout the pandemic; it is the length of notice period that has been given. What has changed this week in England only -- [FIONA BRUCE] : Hang on. Evictions -- I'm sorry, evictions were not being enforced unless in very particular circumstances, which effectively was a ban. Do you think the time has come to lift that ban now? [HEATHER MCGREGOR] : I do. In order to have a properly functioning rental sector. Can I say why we need a properly functioning rental sector. It is because house prices have gone up so much now that it is almost impossible for anybody to get on the housing ladder in an early stage.[LUCY FRAZER] : We protected tenants for a long time and it is important we did that because we didn't want anyone to be thrown out of their houses during this period. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Why have you lifted it now? 
[LUCY FRAZER] : It is also important that landlords can take control where it is necessary to do so. And there will be a period of time, of course, where tenants will be able to settle themselves but we are coming out of a lockdown. There's been a large number of measures put in place. But, you know, hopefully we are at the end of that period and we talked about it before and we hopefully will be moving back on to normal life. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Peter? 
[PETER KYLE] : I think that response illustrates the entire lack of empathy people have. For people who are not home-owners and who are renting, struggling to get by, the sheer insecurity of people are being plunged into -- the only reason there's a transmission period is because people are going to be in court. There should be a longer period of time before this kicks in.[FIONA BRUCE] : Heather, I wanted to come to you, where does one find the balance between protecting someone's mental health, which Naomi O'Sacka feels she has not been supported in that way and the spectators, turning to the game want to hear from their heroes, what they felt of their play, whether they, you know, what we can learn from that. 
 
[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : I think what the spectators want to do more than anything else is watch Naomi play tennis. That, to me, is what most spectators want and, given the choice between Naomi Osaka playing tennis, being able to watch her or her not being there at all, I personally would prefer being able to watch her play tennis. As is mentioned, she is 23. You know, the mental health problems that have arisen, I think, in this pandemic, that all the work of the resolution foundation shows that it is that group, it is that age group, the under 25 age group, that have suffered more than anybody else in this pandemic. So I'm very, very pleased that Naomi Osaka has stood up on this because it called out the whole issue on the under 25 age group.
[FIONA BRUCE] : It is such a difficult issue because it is impossible not to have sympathy for Naomi Osaka, of course. But I can't imagine there's any player looks forward to that interview and you could get to the stage where --
 
[ANTHONY COSTELLO] : John McInroe did it.
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : If you won. But if you lost, I can't imagine there's many.
 
[LUCY FRAZER] : There might be a difference between what people don't want to do and people having health issues doing it. Like others said, it was courageous for her to do it. It was important for her to do it. When people struggle with mental health it is really important to mention that because, you know, there shouldn't be any stigma attached.
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : What do you think of the response from the grand slam tournaments. They slightly climbed down but at the beginning they threatened her with sanctions, issued a fine, said they may not be able to play in Wimbledon and other tournaments. That you think that's the approach.
[LUCY FRAZER] : In my constituency I went to visit a community land trust, which is a fantastic idea where the community has a proportion of land in a development which the community owns and is affordable housing for people who live and work locally. So the government has a variety of measures to tackle what is a very, very difficult problem.[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : Most people are going to be living in rental accommodation. There's twice as many people living in rentals now than four years ago, four times as many as 20 years ago. We need a functioning rental sector. Just like one of the people in the audience mentioned, if we do not get the ability to evict tenants, people won't put their houses up for rent. That's what will happen. Then we'll have loads and loads of empty rental stock. That to me is a much bigger problem. What the government has done -- all the governments because this is a devolved matter -- is put measures in place. So even now, even from 1 June, in England, you have to give four months' notice. So it is there are measures in place that take the pandemic into account. But we must have normality because we must have a flourish I didn't work rental sector.[FIONA BRUCE] : I can see -- there's still lots of hands up, we can talk about this for some time. We have other questions. I'm going to move on to Gary Day.
 
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Good evening, Panel. Looking forward to the 21 June decision on COVID restrictions. Considering there were no reported deaths on Tuesday, which scientific advice should the government take?
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : I notice that there were 12 deaths today reported in the latest 24 hour period. Andy?
 
[ANTHONY COSTELLO] : On the face of things, things look much better. We had this massive surge with the Kent variety, now called the alpha variant which has killed 60 plus thousand of citizens. Cases, deaths have all come back. Vaccine procurement and rollout has been very good because of the Oxford team and most important the NHS and primary care trusts. We all want our lives and livelihoods back. But we're still in the middle of a raging global pandemic. We have always argued from independent SAGE for a suppression policy rather than a herd policy which we think doesn't work.
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : A landlord should have the right to use his property and let whoever he wants in there to rent. However, I do think the government should come up with an incentive scheme to pay landlords who support poor tenants or people who struggle with their rent, that the government steps in and actually helps the landlord and encourages them to try to keep the tenant going. Also, I do think the tenants should have that wee bit more support as well until we get well and truly out of this COVID pandemic. 
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Whilst I have every sympathy with landlords, the ending of the eviction ban is premature. Michael Gove said he doesn't rule out an extension to furlough. That means more people losing their jobs or not earning as much, not able to pay their rent. So now is not the time.Fiona Bruce[0:33:40] Anthony. 
[ANTHONY COSTELLO] : Anxiety, depression is the largest in the world and laterally undiagnosed. Sports people -- Naomi Osaka has said she is a shy reserved person. She is interesting because her mother is Japanese, her father -- she identifies with the Black community and has done a lot for the Black Lives Matter movement and come in for a lot of fl for that. She has always hated public speaking. She is 23 year old. Lots and lots of people watching or on the Panel will have had mental health problems or know people who have had that. We should respect that lead sports people are higher at risk of this because they are in the public eye and I think we should treat it sensitively. What you don't do is when she says "I really can't do the press conferences because of my mental health", you don't say "we're going to fine you", throw you out the tournament. It makes no sense at all. A lot of people -- 
[FIONA BRUCE] : You could argue that other players may not want to do it, particularly if they bombed a game or played badly, they may not want to do press conferences either, but they do. [ANTHONY COSTELLO] : She is a black woman and she gets tremendous abuse, no doubt on social media. Women get far more abuse than men in social media and black people -- look at Diane Abbott who breaks all records for being abused on social media. How much has that contributed to her mental health state? That's why she doesn't want to do it. She's a tennis player. Let's enjoy her tennis. Talk to the coach afterwards. What's the problem.
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Another question from Phil.
 
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Why has the eviction ban with tenants on rent arrears finished when the full restrictions have not been lifted and people have been unable to return to work?
 
[FIONA BRUCE] : So in England the coronavirus eviction ban came to an end on Monday. We have been talking about 21 June but we don't know if restrictions will be fully lifted then or not. Why has it? Why has this eviction ban finished?
[FIONA BRUCE] : Anthony. 
[ANTHONY COSTELLO] : Well, eviction is a disaster for families and for children. I was astonished to find that 90,000 children in London live in temporary accommodation. And the effects that will have on their families, on their education, and the rest. So in the short term we need long notice periods, debt renegotiation, and interest-free loans. I agree with Heather about keeping a rental sector going. But I think in the medium term we need architects and builders to be coming up with much more low cost, affordable housing, maybe using newer pre-fabricated technologies which build quickly, which are low carbon, which are environmentally friendly. I think we can solve this problem alongside progressive policies to ensure that people don't lose their homes.[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : Two other points. I was ready pleased that MasterCard, her big sponsor, went straight out behind her and said, you know, we back you 100 percent. Because, if anything was going to make that whole thing fall apart it was if her sponsors all turned their backs on her. The second thing I would say is I see young people all the time in my job at that stage and I think as universities we have a responsibility to people between the ages of 17 and 24 or whatever to equip them to go out into the world. It is a tough, difficult place to be and, as has already been mentioned, this is something, you know, that happens to lots of people. This is one of the most common things, anxiety, depression. I think it is important that we equip our young people. That's what I set out to do all the time, equip our young people with the skills and capabilities. Not just exam passes but to be able to deal with things. So I would just like to see her play tennis. That's what I feel as a fan.[FIONA BRUCE] : Steve? [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Hi, everyone. She's the world number 2. This could be new to her. So suddenly it's a problem being accosted by the press. What happened when she was world number 3 or world No. 8? It is part of the job as has been said earlier. That's what goes with the territory. Okay, if she suddenly has a problem, mental health problem, yeah, I would have every sympathy with her. [FIONA BRUCE] : I'll point out Naomi has said she suffered long bouts of depression since Twain. She has had a hard time coping with that. She is 23 year old. Ryan, you asked the question. What's your view? [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Thanks, Fiona. Yeah, Naomi Osaka has been incredibly brave. She is only 23, a very young lady and she has been forced to take a lot of responsibility at an early age. But I think it extends to a wider point with mental health and other issues, sexism, racism, that people say you're going through something, to share that experience and to tell people your issues and your problems. Naomi has been brave and done that but when she has done that she has been lambasted and vilified by very many people. An unnamed popular journalist in the UK has been forthright in his views about her. So I think we should have more sympathy and patience and realise she is a human being.[FIONA BRUCE] : Phil, you asked the question. I could see you shaking your head. 
[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : It came back earlier. The conservative there mentioned, well, things will get back to normal. Well, people are still on furlough, people still aren't back in work. So when they're back to normal, fine then look at this, the way the rent is paid, whatever. Don't say we're doing it now because things eventually will get back to normal. It is being done too early. People are worried now about being evicted. They're worried about losing their job and the next thing they're going to be worried about is whether they are going to lose their house as well. [PETER KYLE] : They are going on the streets.
 
[LUCY FRAZER] : In addition to that it is about building a sustainable housing market. That is fundamental. We have a planning bill that is coming to The House which will encourage and ensure that we have sufficient housing stock so that people can buy affordable homes. Because, yes, it is important that people can rent but it is also important if people want to buy there are houses available to them to buy.
Fiona Bruce[0:52:40] Jenni. 
[JENNI MURRAY] : I think people underestimate the amount of poverty this pandemic has caused. I live in a quite well-off part of London and I'm okay. You know, I own my own house. We have a food bank that is absolutely flooded out with people who simply cannot afford to buy food for their children. I cannot think of anything more damaging to one's mental health to be a woman renting a house or a flat with two children and terrified because she can't pay her rent, that at any minute she is going to be evicted. That is criminal. Absolutely criminal. 
[FIONA BRUCE] : Jenni, what would you say to someone, a landlord who was renting out one property and that rent was enabling them to stay in their own property. What would you say to them?[AUDIENCE MEMBER] : I would be interested to know how many people on the Panel and how many people on various advisory boards that made the decision about stopping the eviction have actually been in danger of losing the roof over their head. [FIONA BRUCE] : How many of us have been in danger of losing the roof over their head? Not me. So, Lucy, what do you say to someone like Andrea? [LUCY FRAZER] : Obviously it must have been very, very difficult on you and it must have had an impact on your life. I feel for you in that situation. But the audience have highlighted a number of issues which the government are addressing. It is not just about the rental properties, it is also, as I think Peter brought up, about rough sleeping. The government have done a significant job of getting rough sleepers off the streets in the --[HEATHER MCGREGOR] : The public purse is being used at the moment for furlough. There is still, for instance, 35,000 air crew on furlough. So what is happening is the government are temporarily propping up things in the very short term. I'm more worried about what is happening over the much longer term. The decisions that are made now will affect in 5, 10, 15 years' time. You know what, that's way outside the life of this party. You know, this is why I've never joined a political party. [PETER KYLE] : The Collins review does say the scarring effect would be 100 billion out of our committee if we don't go forward. This is young people who want to do this. The young people are hungry for this. The barrier to them throwing themselves into all of this activity is the government itself. All the COVID recovery funding is already allocated. The decisions being made is how that money is being spent. They are choosing bricks. It should be children as well.[JENNI MURRAY] : I had an awful lot of sympathy for her as I often have -- I don't watch a lot of sport but I do watch athletics quite a lot. They come running off the track and they're rushing up to try to get to their parents to be congratulated and somebody is there with a microphone stuck under their noses. They can barely breathe. You just think no, no, no, leave them alone. What they are good at is what they do on the track. What she is good at is what she does on the tennis court. Sometimes you watch these interviews -- I do occasionally watch Wimbledon -- they are still puffed when they are being interviewed. They might not have played as well as they hoped they had, they are very embarrassed, and I'm bored. 

[FIONA BRUCE] : When you have someone like Billie Jean King I believe as professional athletes we have responsibility to make ourselves available to the media. 

[JENNI MURRAY] : Martina, who I have adored for years, she said the same thing. But that means it's just business. You know, it's the sport that I want to watch. I want to watch her whack her ball with her racket and then go home and maybe at the end of the tournament, when she's won, give a nice little speech in the mitts of the court, saying how grateful she is. But don't persist them. It is horrible.[JENNI MURRAY] : They chose to be a landlord. They could have some sort of empathy in the current economic climate. They can probably get their mortgage redone. Talk to the building society about it. There are always ways of getting around that kind of thing. But if you're a very poor woman with children, living alone, with no resources, and no knowledge of how to argue these things and where to find help, it's just criminal. It really is. [FIONA BRUCE] : Andrea. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] : Thanks, Fiona. Again, I'm really empathising with with what Jenni is saying. I've been in that position. I've been in a position where myself and my daughter were effectively homeless and it is a really horrible place to be. I was fortunate enough that I could get in a car and go live with my parents for a year or two. But being in that situation is like nothing that I would wish on my worst enemy.[FIONA BRUCE] : Do you think we should lift restrictions on 21 June?
Anthony Costello[0:16:04] No, I don't. We have the Indian variant which is now thought to be 50 to 70 percent more transmissible. Evidence comes out today that you are 2.7 times more likely to end up in hospital with this variant compared to the Kent or Alpha variant. And it has evidence of vaccine escape. If you have had one dose of the vaccine you are only 34 percent protected. If you had two doses, you're only about two-thirds protected. So that means the real figure is only 40 percent of our population has had two doses. That means there are millions and millions of people who could be infected by this virus. Now, many of them will be younger and death rates should be much, much lower but many people could end up in hospital. The NHS could be thrown into another surge. We just don't know. So what do we do? I think at the moment what we have to do is watch the data extremely carefully in the next two to three weeks. I think we must devolve power and resources to local public health teams. We haven't given the money and the contact traces that we need.Fiona Bruce[0:00:00] Good evening. Welcome to my guests in the studio, Rosemary, welcome to you down the line, and our audience, familiar faces by now. Of course welcome to you at home as well. Thank you very much for watching the programme. Join in the usual way on social media@BBCQuestion Time. The first question tonight is from PS.

AudienceMember 20210624QT05[0:00:24] Should care workers be forced to have COVID vaccinations in order to do their jobs and should NHS workers be the next group to be forced.

Fiona Bruce[0:00:34] I'm going to ask you because you are a surgeon in the NHS. You've had your vassal you told us that before. What do you think about the idea of making it compulsory. 
AudienceMember 20210624QT07[0:01:36] I've never really thought the answer of trying to convince someone to do something is by forcing them to do it. It is better to give them a carrot than to beat them over the head with a stick. I think it should be a different approach.Mark Harper[0:02:00] We are not forcing people to have a vaccine we are saying in order to be a frontline care worker you would have to be vaccinated. Not quite the same thing --Fiona Bruce[0:02:10] It means you get the vaccine or lose your job.Mark Harper[0:02:16] It is people being driven out of care where we already have a problem. We need to understand issues about why people are hesitant to take a vaccine, particularly those in the care sector. They want to look after people and look after those in the care homes --AudienceMember 20210624QT06
[0:00:44] I'm quite against it, to be honest. It should be a different strategy. I think people should be encouraged to have vaccinations. Like many people from the BMA community I have a vaccine hesitancy in order to overcome to have the vaccine, to be fair, to be convinced about it, I had to think about it quite a lot. That's as someone who is in the NHS. I think if you look at, you know, over 20% of NHS workers come from BAME communities. If you try to mandate these things you will have people who are vaccine-hesitant become vaccine -- so I think you make the problem worse.
Fiona Bruce[0:02:34] We have been vaccinating care workers for six months now.
Mark Harper[0:02:40] There are issues for some people. We have vaccinated a high percentage but there are still those who are hesitate talent. the strategy that is going to be most successful. But I do also understand why ministers are worried that you would have people in those settings. But also I think you can look at other strategies around testing. The other thing I raised in Parliament yesterday was the issue about people in domiciliary care. At the moment we talked about people in a care home but there are millions across the country who have someone coming into their own home and going to other people's homes. The government is going to consult on that. So I think this is very mixed and I have -- I'm in two minds about what the right answer is, actually.Fiona Bruce[0:03:24] Rosemary.Rosemary Squire[0:03:30] I have a young daughter with downs syndrome who is clinically vulnerable in general. I know it is very difficult to compel anyone to do anything but I do feel my daughter, in the situation she lives in, as part of their job, the people who support her to live should be vaccinated . I think it is part of the job and it needs to happen now, I'm afraid.Fiona Bruce[0:03:56] I guess it comes down to who is right to take priority. Is it the person like Rosemary's daughter who is not choosing to be looked after or the people who take the job.
Fiona Bruce[0:05:52] At the moment it applies only to care workers, the government is going to look at NHS workers. If people can't medically have it, there can't be a --
AudienceMember 20210624QT12[0:06:04] It is widely reported it is going to move to the NHS. It is a disgrace. We're going to say to care workers and potentially NHS workers, unless you pump your body full of a chemical -- let's be honest, that's what it is. -- I've had both my vaccines, I'm not hesitant, but there's something wrong where we tell people unless they pump their body full of a chemical, they are out of their job. I think it is appalling.Daniel Finkelstein[0:04:12] It has to be the people who are looked after. You put your finger on why I do reluctantly support this. I don't think it is unreasonable to expect care workers to exceed to some medical requirements.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:28] Even if it makes -- given there's a shortage of care workers at the moment, even if it increases the numbers who quit.
Daniel Finkelstein[0:04:36] I have two problems, the number of people who do it. The second thing the government has to ensure is those people have alternative work. There's talk about giving them alternative jobs but -- it was interesting the point made about ethnic minorities having reservations.Fiona Bruce
[0:06:32] Colette?

AudienceMember 20210624QT13
[0:06:34] I think I resonate a lot of what was said there. It concerns me that 20% of our NHS and care workers are from the BAME community. The structure should have been to gain trust, work with the communities to get the vaccine rates up before we start forcing mandatory policy on them. We already have a massive shortage of staff in those areas. What does that mean? Can I do it in my employment? We have to tread carefully with this. We have a potential to lose a lot of very good people.
Fiona Bruce[0:08:02] What is the Labour position on this?
Sarah Jones[0:08:06] Obviously this was announced today, there is going to be a consultation on going wider to the NHS. I think the starting point with this issue isn't whose rights are more important but what will get the outcome which we want, which is that everybody gets vaccinated, everybody is protected. I think from that starting point there is something to be positive about, which is that this country is one of the most vaccinated countries in the world. We are incredibly successful in terms of persuading, educating --
Fiona Bruce[0:08:46] Sure. If your morality was in a care home, by definition most of the elderly in care homes are vulnerable, would you be for her to looked after by care workers who have not been vaccinated?Daniel Finkelstein[0:04:58] The government has to be understanding about that but ultimately, when you are choosing between whether it is the member of staff or the people who are being cared for that take priority, I think it does have to be focused around the people being cared for. You do have to make a priority choice, and that would be mine. But it is very difficult.
Fiona Bruce[0:05:18] Sean, you have your hands up.
AudienceMember 20210624QT11[0:05:20] Good evening. I find it appalling that we're saying to these NHS workers, who have been applauded, are wonderful, have risked their lives, I have a family member who is an NHS worker. She is not refusing the vaccine, she has had it on three separate occasions but has been turned away because she has a history of anaphylactic shock. Where does that leaves her?Fiona Bruce[0:07:10] Dave.
AudienceMember 20210624QT14[0:07:10] Thanks, Fiona. Yeah, ethically it is a very, very difficult one to try to sort out. One of the things I'm personally feeling is how and why do we feel the need to actually force people and almost twist their hands behind their back in saying if you don't get it you haven't got a job? That is ethically wrong. You know, where do we stop? Do we go to the police service? Do we go to the fire service? Do we go to the ambulance service? I work with elderly people as well within the outdoor sector. Will I have -- yes, I've had the vaccine, I've had both, I'm very fortunate. But where do we stop with this. That's what's ethically wrong aspect of it.Sarah Jones[0:09:02] The problem is twofold. There's a shortfall in care workers at the moment and we risk putting vulnerable people in a worse situation if they don't have care from people who are leaving the system. The other problem is those who are vaccine-hesitant have strong views that they feel strongly, are not necessarily going to be affected by the government telling them they have to have a vaccine. So I'm not convinced and the Labour Party is not convinced that this will work. We need to look at places like Wales where they have a higher level of vaccination amongst workers, where it is about education, it is about making sure people can take time off work if they need to, that they are confident that they can take time off work if they are poorly after they had the vaccine, and it is about informing and enabling people to get the outcome. But the outcome must be that everybody gets the vaccination. That's what we're aiming for. I'm not sure this is the way to do it.Sarah Jones[0:18:04] People have a lot of debt they're building up. The restaurants that don't have outside space can only have a third capacity. They are running at a loss. But this government didn't lock down, didn't do what we told them to do from January, February, the start of this year. So we have our wonderful vaccination programme; on the other hand we are throwing it all away by not securing our borders. It is bad policy from this government and they need to make sure it is not people really struggling that end up suffering.Fiona Bruce[0:18:36] Mark, you led the Commons rebellion against this unlocking for another four weeks. When you were on the programme last in April, you wanted to unlock them, in February.Mark Harper[0:18:48] No, in February --Fiona Bruce[0:18:52] You were on in February, you wanted to unlock in April. Given what's happened with the Delta variant do you think we would be in a worse place now?Mark Harper[0:19:02] Going directly to Nicola's question, should we have delayed getting back to normal for another four weeks, no, I don't think we should. We have now offered a second dose of vaccine to all of the top nine groups, the groups that accounted for 99% of death over 85% of vaccinations.Daniel Finkelstein
[0:10:06] If I could try to persuade Sean. The thing about this is people are working in environments without being vaccinated and that's also an ethical problem for the eventual vulnerable people. So there are two ethical problems and you're trying to balance them against each other. I think it is shameful to think it is a simple question but it isn't. I take a different balance to you.

Fiona Bruce
[0:10:34] When it comes to the different numbers of care workers vaccinated, Scotland has done particularly well on this.

Ian Blackford
[0:10:40] I think issues of consent are really important. Issues of leadership are important, and also trust. I was looking at the figures today from Scotland. We're at 100 percent of care workers have had the vaccine, so we don't face this issue. I think, you know --
Ian Blackford[0:22:06] All we know is if we get people the vaccination, the chance of reducing the hospitalisation and death rate is greater. Nobody wants to see the arts community or any other sector of the economy put into a situation that they can't operate. We all want theatres to open as quickly as possible. We all want people to get back to work. But the fact of the matter is, and Sarah is right, the failure to close the borders. The failure to stop the delta variability taking root -- by the way, the Scottish government sought the powers to do that, we sought the powers to stop people coming in from India, for people to be forced to quarantine, and Westminster wouldn't do it, they wouldn't give people in Scotland, the government to do that. It was the abdication of responsibility by the UK government. But one of the things that's poor in all of this is we have 3 million people in the United Kingdom that have been secluded from financial support for over a year. A lot of them are working in the arts profession. Now there are elements I would applaud of the scheme up until now. It has worked well. It kept people off the unemployment register. But I'm disgraced and outraged that so many have not had a penny of help from this government and people are really struggling. The government has to accept responsibilities for those that are freelancers, those working in the art sector. The final point I will make --Sarah Jones
[0:19:22] More people would die.

Mark Harper
[0:19:24] The problem is this problem is going to be with us forever. The scientific officer said that. If we are being honest with people, vaccines are not 100 percent perfect. If you want to wait for a 100 percent perfect vaccine, you'll be waiting forever. The fact is at some point we have to get back to normal. I'm afraid, the brutal truth is some people will get COVID even if they have been vaccinated, and of those people some people will become ill. I'm afraid some people will die.

Fiona Bruce
[0:19:54] Far fewer if more people are vaccinated.

Mark Harper
[0:19:58] Of course. In the same way we get 15,000 people die of seasonal flew.

Sarah Jones
[0:20:04] You were saying that November.

Mark Harper
[0:20:08] The difference is we have a successful vaccine. The only piece of information that we learned this week that we didn't know when we were going to unlock on 21 June is that the vaccines are fantastically successful, including against the delta variant. My worry is this, if you look at what the government set out yesterday and what we were voting on, the four-week delay is to collect data to make another decision and test. It is not a guaranteed end date at all. The problem is 96 percent of people already had two doses in those risk groups.
Fiona Bruce[0:10:58] Why do you think that is? I'm not asking you to blow the government's trumpet here, but sensibly why do you think Scotland has succeeded there? In London, for example, just 23 percent of care homes have reached the target, four-fifths of staff.Ian Blackford[0:11:18] What you have in Scotland is a government at large which is trusted. One of the key factors over the course of the last 15 months has been the first minister, almost on a daily basis giving a press conference, giving information to the public as to what is going on, what is expected of people, giving guidance rather than putting things in statute where appropriate. Bringing people with us. We all talked about the success of the vaccine programme --Fiona Bruce[0:11:46] At a local level presumably things have been done differently.Ian Blackford[0:11:50] The point is we have communicated fairly with the public and the public in the main have come with us on that journey. A difficult journey for so many people.
Fiona Bruce[0:13:26] Just to be clear, the moment the government is talking about an and people who could have the vaccine for medical reasons. They are not talking about visitors. None of this is clear yet. But other workers, workers, won't you tingles, yes, they would be expected to be vaccinated.
Fiona Bruce[0:13:46] I'm going on to another question. Nicola.
AudienceMember 20210624QT15[0:13:50] Should we be delaying Freedom Day for another four weeks?
Fiona Bruce[0:13:58] I'm going to come to you because I imagine you have fairly strong views in terms of this in the world of entertainment and theatre in particular.
Rosemary Squire
[0:14:10] Yes, and thank you for the question. Pre-pandemic in a year 34 million people go to live theatre, more than go to see premiership football matches. So these 24 months have been unimaginable for our industry. It is live, it is about the experience of all being together, sharing an experience. And the news earlier this week was devastating because it was contradictory to what we had been led to believe and, of course, theatres and productions can't just be rustled up overnight or in a week. It takes months to line up a major production which can be employing more than 100 people on a single show, to line that up, to have it ready for a specific date is really, really tough and it needs time.Fiona Bruce
[0:15:02] Rosemary, given the infection rate has been rising here, do you have any sympathy with the idea it is best to delay for four weeks to try to stop another wave?

Rosemary Squire
[0:15:18] It is contradictory, what's happening at the moment. None of the pilots that were held in theatre, the Crucible Theatre, the date does not show that transmission increases whether a theatre is 25%, 50% or 100% just to give you an example it is trading in London at 70 percent, in the regions, where I am in Cornwall, there are no theatres open at the moment. It is down to 4 or 5% regionally. This is people's businesses, their jobs, their livlihoods. So many people, freelancers have not been eligible for the furlough. It has been a nightmare, 16 months. The sooner we can get back, the better. There's no evidence to say performing in a theatre, where you all look forwards, you don't necessarily talk to anyone apart from the person in your bubble who is sitting next to you. We need to get on and get back. What we need is certainty around a date. So we have to stick to this July date. And if we can't stick to that July date, what we need is an industry, and we are a huge industry.
Sarah Jones[0:20:42] Not the over 50s.
Mark Harper[0:20:48] Some people haven't had it. The first dose about transmission, if you read what the government said yesterday, we're not going to vaccinate these younger people until August because there's a supply issue. My worry is the week before 19 July we're going to see the same scientists being wheeled out, the ones on the stage, but all speak in a personal capacity. There's going to be a drum beat again and, once again, it is going to be put off. Worse, in the winter -- and there are government internal documents talking about the autumn and winter and the pressure on the NHS, we're going to see the pressure to introduce restrictions and do this all over again. It will destroy businesses and confidence across the country. At some point we have got to learn to live with this virus, uncomfortable though it is, I think we should have started that process on 21 June.
Fiona Bruce[0:21:46] Ian, you have been researching through all this.

Ian Blackford[0:21:52] We had 128,000 deaths. If Mark and his colleagues had got their way then the death rate in this country will increase.

Mark Harper[0:22:04] I'm sorry, that's not right.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:30] Very briefly.
Ian Blackford[0:23:32] I do have some concerns, just as Sarah has said, that a lot of businesses are in deep financial difficulties with a debt pile that's increasing. In Scotland we don't have business rates for businesses in the hospitality sector.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:46] Briefly, Ian, I have to let other people in.
Ian Blackford[0:23:54] The government has to accept its responsibilities.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:58] Let me come to the audience. We really want to hear what you say but if you speak at that length no one else is going to get a word in. Nicola.
AudienceMember 20210624QT16[0:24:08] It seems to me we have wanted the government to follow the science all along and it seems to me they are doing that this time. Although it is frustrating and we all want to be back to normal, I do think of four weeks of the wonderful vaccination programme means a lot more people are detected. It is an early disease. We don't know the effects of long COVID; if we can prevent them, that is useful.
Fiona Bruce[0:24:36] Carlos?
AudienceMember 20210624QT17[0:24:38] This ideology coming from the government, the back benches that rebel is tortious at a time when we need to be taught the discipline to be in it together. You know, we all, more or less have common sense and realise that we're going to have to sacrifice another 4 weeks but it is the constant interference from the requirement to do that that is painful.Fiona Bruce[0:16:36] Let me bring in the rest of the Panel. Rosemary. Forgive me. Sarah, Labour supports the idea of delaying for four weeks.

Sarah Jones[0:16:50] I'm enormously sympathetic.

Fiona Bruce[0:16:52] But not persuaded.

Sarah Jones[0:16:54] No, the fact we have the highest infection rates in Europe, which is a league table we didn't want to top again, means we have to lock down, unfortunately. There's only one reason we are delaying this roadmap, it is the Delta variant, and there's only one reason it is as rampant as it is across the UK, and that's because this government was too slow to close the borders. It is absolutely clear one has caused the other. What the government needs to do now is to put in place alongside the public health measures an economic support measure as well. So your case in point about theatres but, you know, I was talking to a pub-owner in my constituency yesterday who has just cancelled all the live music she planned for July. All of those musicians devastated. They will get no support. We have to extend furlough, business rates relief, we have to sort out proper payment for isolation. It is horrific the news we had today that the government was trying to hide information about how people could self-isolate and we have to look at how people are going to pay back some of these loans as wellAudienceMember 20210624QT20[0:31:30] So let's not get political about this. Let's not start throwing stones at each other. Let's understand that this is new, this is constantly changing. You know, vaccines -- we've all got used to the fact that we're learning about the vaccine. We seem to think that just because we're fed up with COVID it has to go away now. That's not the case. We don't have to sacrifice grandma, we also don't have to lock grandma in the cellar and never let her see the light of day again. What we have to do is support people who can't work, make sure that companies who took money to support a furlough scheme used that money, if they then did some -- whatever, went bankrupt, that that money was then given back to the government. Some of the large corporations, my understanding is had some interesting ways of dealing with governmental funding. We need to get a grip of it. It is not -- it is just not going to go away. Just because we're bored, you can't just say, right, that's it.
Fiona Bruce[0:32:34] Let's take another question from Andrea.
AudienceMember 20210624QT21[0:32:38] Can we trust the Met Police after an independent panel found them guilty of institutional corruption following the unresolved murder of Andrew Morgan?
Fiona Bruce[0:32:52] Let me remind everyone, Daniel Margen was a private detective, found murdered in a car park in south London, there have been five inquiries, a collapsed trial, no one has been convicted. Then there has been the government commissioned report, as you say, which has talked about institutional corruption within the Metropolitan Police.Fiona Bruce[0:25:12] Charlie, you are shaking your head at that?
AudienceMember 20210624QT18[0:25:14] It is basically people saying do we have freedom or should we be told what to do. And the Panel tonight, you know everybody seems to be saying something sensible and something stupid. Ian, he should take over the Labour Party as captain in hindsight, going on about the desperate need for support that the businesses that have been delayed a month. Every single person, and it is coming across with us as well, is on one hand saying something then basically contradicting themselves in the next sentence. We don't know, we really don't know. I run an outdoor events business. It is horrible at the moment. However, I understand that it's going to be horrible and I understand that we have to make sacrifices. At the moment, the way the Delta variant is going, yeah, it's not great. We need to be careful.
Fiona Bruce[0:26:18] Daniel.
Daniel Finkelstein[0:26:20] I heard about Mark saying scientists being wheeled out. Better than wheeling out me.
Daniel Finkelstein[0:26:32] You are wheeling out somebody who doesn't know when you are wheeling out me. In fact, all of us don't know. The scientists themselves are making estimates but they are doing it on a basis --
Fiona Bruce[0:26:42] Some of them disagree.
Daniel Finkelstein[0:26:44] But they are doing it on the basis of proper modelling and a lot of medical knowledge. You know, with respect, Mark, in November you urged a course which would have been disastrous, and on a reasonable basis which is we didn't know for certain that things were going to be as bad as the scientists said. I always said we don't know that for certain, it could be worse. Indeed it was.Mark Harper[0:28:18] On the debate I'm not prepared to accept people who disagree with you then be accused of wanting to kill lots of people. This is a balance judgment. The thing we have to do as Member of Parliament is to look at the scientific advice, but also the consequences, the economic impact. You have to balance all those things. On the modelling, interestingly this week we discover after the government made the decision to push this out by four weeks, I think largely based on modelling, funnily enough a new set of models are produced at SAGE with the new vaccine efficacy data which have much lower proposals for how many people might die and a different decision might have been made. Some of us did take the trouble to look at the models in great detail, notice the --
Daniel Finkelstein[0:29:16] That's correct, but that's what modelling is though.
Mark Harper[0:29:18] Some of us looked at the assumptions, you know, and actually, just because I'm not an epidemiolgist doesn't mean I don't know how to look at a model. I tried to make --Ian Blackford[0:29:28] Many people when the facts change, change their opinions. The fact is the virus is spreading at at faster rate. As a consequence of that, hospitalisation will increase, deaths will increase.
Fiona Bruce[0:29:42] It's actually slowing down.
Mark Harper[0:29:46] Your recipes will never exit --Sarah Jones[0:33:24] Daniel's father lives in my constituency. I've been talking to him, as you imagine. 34 years on from the murder of his father we have some light shone on what's happened. The report is, to be clear, incredibly damning, it really is both of the Home Office, and the Met Police and the whole structure around with, you know, the way that all these inquiries operated. It talks of a form of institutional corruption. I was disappointed this week with the Home Secretary's response. We were in Parliament asking questions. I asked her if she would come back before the summer recess to let us know what she would do about this because she didn't accept any of the findings, she hasn't given a commitment to put in my findings.
Fiona Bruce[0:34:14] The question is can we trust the Met?
Sarah Jones[0:34:20] I would absolutely support the police and trust the police. They've worked incredibly hard over the last year, they have had a hard time and not much thanks for it.
Fiona Bruce[0:34:30] So when the commissioner says "I do not accept that we are are insti criticisms of her, what do you make of that?
Sarah Jones[0:34:40] She says she is going to come back with a proper response. For her, she needs to show the leadership that we understand serious mistakes have happened and we need to put it right. My concern looking forward, this has spanned 30 years so it is not just Cressida that has been in charge that whole period, but the Met is a young workforce.Ian Blackford [0:47:10] One of the real ironies of this is the government negotiated a deal where people can go and work in Australia. They are going to be sending people from the UK to Australia to work on farms to put our farmers out of business. That's what this government has done. It is madness on stilts. We have a situation that Brexit was about taking back control. We sold out our fishermen and we are just about to sell out our farmers.
Fiona Bruce[0:47:36] We are finding out details from Dan bra but not finding out details here. Why is that happening.
Mark Harper[0:47:44] The government has set out the jut line and it will have to be voted on in Parliament. I think this is a good deal -- it is worth saying that we've just done a deal with the US to deal with tariffs on Scotch whisky which is fantastic news for Scotland, a double win for Scotland. But this is about opening up opportunities for British businesses and British farmers to be able to sell into markets overseas as well.Fiona Bruce[0:29:50] Let me come back to you, Rosemary. You wanted to come back into the conversation.
Rosemary Squire[0:29:58] The vaccines work, deaths are rising very slightly. What I want to say for my industry is we need to go back to work. It is terrible. There are genuinely people -- this is a world-leading business. We are best in class in the world. Look at Netflix, all the Sky channels, all the television stations, they come from British stage schools, British training, British theatre. We are great at it. Please, let us get back to work. And the Government must support us in our industry.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:32] Just in terms of facts and figures, so many different facts and figures we can bandy around. Hospital admissions have risen by 43%. The numbers are smaller than they were.
Sarah Jones[0:30:44] They are doubling every 7 to 12 days.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:46] Andy.
AudienceMember 20210624QT19[0:30:48] What we need to understand here is that even our experts are still learning. The chief scientific officers, chief medical officers, this is a new disease. We are still learning. Because one model was done doesn't necessarily mean that's the only model that's ever going to be right. Things will change, people will learn more, models will change, scientific opinion will change and I'm stunned Mark could tell whether or not a model was correct because I imagine that most scientists in the country, forget chief medical officers, will tell you that models are potentially out of date the minute they are created because there will be more factors.AudienceMember 20210624QT24[0:38:24] But I think, you know, Daniel touched on something important here, there seems to be almost a pattern in behaviour of our larger institutions of feeling insulted, perhaps, being called "institutionally" something rather than taking the responsibility to get better. I would love an inquiry that led to a learning exercise rather than just another PR damage control exercise.Fiona Bruce[0:38:52] Sherrie?AudienceMember 20210624QT25[0:38:54] Isn't it mad to assume that the Met Police in general are corrupt? Surely, certain parts of the police are corrupt. You have certain people who are corrupt, it is hard to believe they are corrupt, but they are there. It's not the police in general, just a few bad apples within it.Fiona Bruce[0:39:20] I just want to come to you, Ian. This report is about the Met and makes it clear it is only talking about the Met. Talking to you in terms of the SNP in Scotland, a review found worrying evidence of treatment of black minority officers.Ian Blackford[0:39:46] The police need to take responsibility for what's happened here. You have to feel for the family, 34 years of being lied to before you get to the truth. It's not acceptable. Cressida Dick, as the Commissioner, has to accept responsibility as the presiding officers of the police service in London for that. I agree, Fiona, if we end up in a situation, whether in London, Scotland or elsewhere, that people don't have trust in our police force.Rosemary Squire
[0:44:20] It is like an episode of Line of Duty, all these shadowy dealings in smoke-filled cars and pubs, it is extraordinary reading. What we are missing is the wonderful Vicky McClure. Cressida is a remarkable woman to have made the top job in the Met Police. Her achievements. If that organisation is institutionally corrupt, deem that it was, at least at that time, institutionally sexist and at the time Cressida rows to the top, I know she will be taking this very seriously and will come back properly with a full response.

Fiona Bruce
[0:45:08] We're going to take another question from Sue Lewis.

AudienceMember 20210624QT26
[0:45:12] Thank you. Does the Australian trade deal set a terrible precedent and threaten the long-term viability of British farming?

Fiona Bruce
[0:45:22] Ian, you've been talking about this in the House of Commons.

Ian Blackford
[0:45:26] I have to say I'm deeply worried what this means for farming and indeed for crofters as well. We shouldn't just be thinking about the Australian deal because this is the first trade deal the UK has done of this kind and could open the door for similar deals with Argentina, Brazil, the US, and with Canada as well.
Sarah Jones[0:50:46] We haven't seen the detail yet. On issues like this I look to organisations like the National Farmers Union. They are concerned in a similar way that Ian and Rosemary have outlined. Very concerned about animal welfare standards the NFU have talked about. I remember being on Question Time a couple of years ago talking about why we can't put some of this stuff into legislation to make sure this doesn't occur. I know farmers are concerned that we'll see products coming into this country and undermining our farmers. It is very -- separating it from the economy it is very interesting to look at how we as a country take on this kind of new role in global Britain now we are outside the EU how we use our soft power, our skills, our negotiating skills, our capacity to trade with other countries --

Fiona Bruce[0:51:36] The question is does this set a terrible precedent?

Sarah Jones[0:51:42] It is a poor deal. It is a very small amount of GDP, 0.02%. But for those farmers which are going to be undercut, which the government said would never happen, is now happening.Mark Harper[0:48:08] Trade is a two-way thing. Good trade deals are about a win-win for both sides. This will be a precedent, I hope, to get up into that trans-Pacific deal which will open up big opportunities for British farmers. The price of a lot of these food --
Ian Blackford[0:48:26] You're talking about industrial farming with worst animal treatment.
Mark Harper[0:48:36] Big opportunities for our farmers. Actually Australia is a country, you know, we share a head of state, they're our mates, we have very close security relationship --
Fiona Bruce[0:48:48] Very far geographically.
Mark Harper[0:48:50] If you are saying you can't do a trade deal with Australia, you're saying you can't do a trade deal with anyone.
Ian Blackford[0:48:56] I'll tell a crofter and farmer that had to sell up we have a common head of state. . Will give them comfort.
Fiona Bruce[0:49:08] Rosemary.
Rosemary Squire[0:49:10] I'm not an expert on this but I sit on the UK Trade and Business Commission which is a cross-party initiative to bring together experts to discuss the impact of Brexit. Agriculture and importing are something at the top of the agenda. Just as a layperson it seems clearly counterintuitive, with a government that has a green agenda, that we are going to be trying to ship food from the other side of the world.Ian Blackford[0:40:12] As the gentleman just said, the vast majority, the vast, vast majority of our police force are decent people trying to conduct a public service. I want to applaud them for what they do day in, day out. But we can't walk away from this.Fiona Bruce[0:40:30] In terms of police Scotland, attitudes haven't changed as much as they should have since 1999, what can you do as the Scottish government to change that.Ian Blackford[0:40:40] Of course this needs to be addressed in the Scottish Parliament when it relates to Scotland, as far as Westminster is concerned, we have the Select Committee, they have an important role to play in this. We need to make sure as politicians that we are doing everything that we can to ensure that the public can feel safe, that they can trusted the police force. But it is not just these issues. We have had the long-running saga over Hillsborough. It holds us all back. We have to make sure that collectively we work with the police force, wherever it is, to deal with these situations and rebuild the public trust and confidence. It is too important that we do that. And we have to do it on a consensual basis.Fiona Bruce[0:41:26] The question is can we trust the police.Mark Harper[0:41:30] I think one thing you do as a Member of Parliament you do engage a lot with the police in, like a normal way where you are not either having suffered some traumatic event or been caught by them or whatever. You gain with them a lot.Rosemary Squire[0:56:52] I think it begs the question of how the pandemic was handled in the early days and it led to the issues we're facing now. I don't know if he is it hopeless or not. I wasn't there. But it sounds chaotic with people flip-flopping.Ian Blackford[0:57:08] If the Prime Minister doesn't have confidence in him, why should the rest of us? Cummings should never have been in government but he has shone a light.Daniel Finkelstein[0:54:28] The way that we can drive improvements in living standards is constant increases in trading. So I do understand what you're saying. I think any economic change is difficult and the costs of this are concentrated, the benefits are thinly spread. People do have to think about what you say.
Ian Blackford[0:54:48] With the animal welfare standards vastly different, that's what should give us concern.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:54] We have very little time but a lot of people asked this next question so we're going to hear it. Colette.
AudienceMember 20210624QT27[0:55:00] Thank you, Fiona. Good evening, panel. Is Matt Hancock hopeless?Sarah Jones
[0:35:02] We have a lot of young officers because a lot of people lost their positions and we are recruiting. We have to make sure they have the resilience and support that they don't get involved in anything like this. The inquiry is something like out of The Line Of Duty. So, is everything okay? No, it isn't. Is the answer to say sack this person? No, I don't think it is. We need a proper response. But it needs to be quite far-ranging and they do need to accept what the findings are.

Fiona Bruce
[0:35:36] So the report Daniel has talked about institutional corruption. It is not the first time the word "institutional" has been used in relation to the Met.

Daniel Finkelstein
[0:35:52] That was rejected and I think time has proven it was correct. In some ways it is all political crisis for me. I can't answer yes to your question completely. I can't answer 100 percent.

Fiona Bruce
[0:36:04] So you can't say yes, I trust the Met Police.

Daniel Finkelstein
[0:36:08] I can't, which for somebody with my politics is very, very difficult. But the nature of this report coming on top of a whole load of other incidents makes it impossible. The response to this report was horrific. If you are being accused on a solid basis of institutional corruption, which was not just withholding help from these inquiries and resisting the inquiry, but also underneath it some quite serious allegations about the conduct itself, which was what was behind it, you know, criminal acts, and to then respond, well, we're not institutionally corrupt, as a sort of flat answer, I just thought that was completely unacceptable as an institution.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:46] It is interesting that your answer to that question is not yes. You are equivocating.
Mark Harper[0:41:52] If you look at the report it highlights a lot of problems. Where I was coming to, most police officers I have ever met are trying to do the right thing. They are trying to protect people and they are trying to support the community. I'm sure the vast majority of officers in the Met are trying to do that. But you can't ignore a report that highlights serious problems. I was a Home Office minister which Teresa May set up this independent inquiry with reputable people on the Panel. It is a serious job of work they have done. What I'm a bit disappointed about is if you ahead up the institution and get a report like this, which is damning, you don't have to necessarily in the end accept all of it but you ought to have taken the trouble to ask yourself tough questions because there are clearly some issues. Just saying, yeah, it's all fine, which would be the implications of saying -- if I said there's no issue, I completely trust everybody in the Met, there's no problem with the institution at all, that would be running consider to that report.
Fiona Bruce[0:42:58] Or have they evolved since then.Ian Blackford[0:53:14] The NFU go to great lengths every year to go around the supermarkets to get them to take our products in preference to lamb from elsewhere. There is this issue of cost. If I look at crofters in Skye or elsewhere, in the Highlands, there's no alternative to sheep farming. If we cannot make money from selling sheep, that livelihood, that way of life that has existed for generations comes to an end. You can yourself for what? For the ability to increase 0.2.
Mark Harper[0:53:46] There is an opportunity here for us to sell as well.
Ian Blackford[0:53:52] I'm talking about an industry that is going to be imperiled by the gross stupidity and willful negate your government people.
Mark Harper[0:54:04] Why wouldn't people still want to buy them?
Daniel Finkelstein[0:54:10] I listened to you careful. I have to reflect what you say. It is important. You have experience in that area. But you are suggesting we protect these industries by making everybody pay more for than food. Probably on another Question Time you'll come back and say we've got too much food poverty in this country.Fiona Bruce[0:56:02] He said it twice.
Mark Harper[0:56:06] On the general point, last year when he went to Barnard Castle. I said to the Prime Minister he should resign and if he didn't, the Prime Minister should sack him. If the Prime Minister reflects on that advice he probably wishes he takes it and sacked Dominic Cummings last year.
Daniel Finkelstein[0:56:28] For all of his great intelligence and ability, I think we are much better off without him in the government. I think it did create chaos. He pointed to a lot of mistakes the government made. We have to learn from those but he pursued a personal vendetta against Matt Hancock.Rosemary Squire[0:49:42] I think we are are all aware of the Suez Canal. You can see the pollution from all of the boats held up, the massive ships, the container ships that were held up by the Sues Kabul. So we are going to be using huge amounts of energy to transport the food. We have lots of food we could be importing 100 miles away. I find that completely counterintuitive. I love Australia, I'm delighted about the three years for young people to go and work there. We are just about to of time over there, but farming and agriculture is massive. It's on a massive scale in Australia. I think the largest farm there is something like the size of the state of Israel. It is going to be a tiny, tiny proportion of food that's going to be coming for Australia, yet for us, I think we could find a better solution closer to home. It seems very strange.Mark Harper[0:43:00] We had a number of issues with this. I just think that the institution and the Commissioner need to take this away, have a proper look at it, and come back with a more thoughtful response. There may be areas they disagree with it; if they do she should set out the reasons properly, but grab some of the recommendations, show they are taking it seriously. Ultimately, what you want to get to is that Daniel's family and others in a similar position, look at it and say, they're serious about getting it on a track to get it to be better.Fiona Bruce[0:43:36] Rosemary.Rosemary Squire[0:43:40] Daniel's family, 34 years, the resilience of going through those multiple inquiries. Respect to the family, what a terrible thing to have happened. I have a great deal of faith in Cressida Dick that she will take this seriously. I had a lot of dealings with her. I took over as president of our Trade Association in London on 7/7, on the day of 7/7. So in the immediate aftermath, that night was the first night that London theatre closed down before the pandemic since World War II. We did close that night and I had a lot of dealings with Cressida then and subsequently.Sarah Jones
[0:55:10] Reading these exchanges were quite extraordinary. I think they probably say more about the Prime Minister than they do about Matt Hancock. That he believes his Health Secretary to be incompetent yet leaves him in charge to our response to a global pandemic. That in itself is shocking. I think the messages speak to the chaos in No. 10, the chaos in government, the lack of ability to get a grip, the fact we were too slow. If I was to pick who I would sack would it be Priti Patel because she broke the ministerial code, Matt for breaking the law? Michael Gove for breaking the law?

Fiona Bruce
[0:55:54] Do you agree that Matt Hancock is totally hopeless.

Mark Harper
[0:55:58] No. When things are stressful, you sometimes say things you don't really mean.
Daniel Finkelstein[0:52:00] I'm not an expert on farming, but I do buy the product. And you have to look at it from both ends, not just the production but also the people who buy it. The reason -- the only reason why it could possibly be a threat to farming in this country is if consumers choose to buy this product rather than the ones being proud here.
Fiona Bruce[0:52:22] Which they may if it is cheaper.
Daniel Finkelstein[0:52:26] The whole point of trade is somebody swaps something for something else. You can't lose in a trade, that's the whole point of trading. Therefore, my starting position is I like deals which reduce tariffs. It is ridiculous to suggest that this is going to make any difference compared to leaving the single market of the European Union. It won't even achieve even a tiny increase in production that the government is talking about. It will probably be -- it is going to be close to zero, the impact on GDP, but I can't be against it because reducing the costs of goods so that we produce the things we're best at producing, others produce the things they are best at producing, and the consumer gets a good deal on both, has to be a good thing.Ian Blackford[0:11:58] I applaud our care workers, our frontline works for everything they have done and the fact that so many in the care community have taken the vaccine so we don't face this problem. I do think -- when you look at everything that has happened over the last while, the fact the unlocking has been put back a few weeks. You have a government in London that continual overpropositions, you end up in a situation it hasn't been able to win the war on this and convince people the way it should have done they need to be vaccinated. That's the difference.
Fiona Bruce[0:12:32] Sean, do you want to come back in?
AudienceMember 20210624QT14[0:12:36] I just obviously wanted the right to reply to the gentleman. You know, I don't need telling how, you know, how important it is for vulnerable people. I am one of those vulnerable people. I had sepsis in the first part of the pandemic. The point I'm making to tell people that unless they have chemicals, and let's be honest, I'm not anti-vaccine, that's what it is in it's simple left form, or they are going to lose their jobs, that is appalling. We have been told to clap these people, now we're telling them they're not going to have a job. Are you going to say visitors to care homes and hospitals have to be vaccinated? You know?

Daniel Finkelstein
[0:27:08] All that we can do in this situation is try our best to use the best knowledge that we have from the most knowledgeable people and make some sort of estimate about it rather than, as complete amateurs, with no modelling, sticking our oar in to say what we think should happen without any idea whether that's an idea at the expense of people potentially dying. So I rather agree with you. I think that it has been a bit of a disspiriting site and people I respect a lot have, in my view said things that I can't really respect.

Mark Harper
[0:27:42] Let me come back. All I said in November was I wanted the government to set out a proper set of evidence. You remember the leaked slide about NHS capacity which was leaked out the day before the Prime Minister made the decision. All I ever said was if the government is going to make big, difficult decisions, all we deserve is the honest data, the honest facts to make a decision. In January, when that information was made available, I didn't oppose the current lockdown because I look at the facts and change my mind accordingly.
Daniel Finkelstein[0:36:52] I hate to be in a position, because we all rely on the police force in our daily lives for maintenance of law, the rule of law, and nothing is more important to me than the rule of law. So not to be able to say yes is a total political tragedy did I for me, but I can't.Fiona Bruce[0:37:12] Jo, what about you?AudienceMember 20210624QT22[0:37:14] With these sorts of things there's a lot of mistrust in the police. The Fresh Water Five, for example, can't go to retrial. I think these things need to be addressed properly. We have a society that won't address the issues front and centre or, indeed, The House, it's a very sad day. I think that just demonstrate the lack of respect for the trust the British public should have in police forces, not just the Met Police. Has anybody considered the thoughts and feelings of this man's family? Has anybody thought about that? Five investigations, five investigations that have been failed. It's disgraceful.Fiona Bruce[0:37:58] The family has sate almost every step we found ourselves lied to, f off, bullied degraded and let down time and time and time again. Jack.AudienceMember 20210624QT23[0:38:08] Thank you. I think there are -- it's worth noting there are countless communities and groups that aren't just losing faith in the police or in other institutions because of this right now but over years and years have.Fiona Bruce[0:45:46] Presumably you welcome the drop of the tariff on Scottish whisky.
Ian Blackford[0:45:54] We created a set of circumstances where our farming industry is going to be imperilled. We literally sold the farm. Have you a situation where the Australians are talking about the potential to sell $1.3 billion of product to the UK. We're talking about, by the government's own analysis, 0.02 percent. We would need 200 trade --
Fiona Bruce[0:46:26] The 5 percent tariff on Scotch has been scrapped as part of the deal, whisky is 4 billion pounds. Beef farming is worth about a million. You must --
Ian Blackford[0:46:38] You have of 7,000 people connected with Scottish agriculture in one way or another. We created a situation whereas of the beginning of this deal 25,000 tons of lamb can come into the UK. That's three times as much as currently comes in. Within 10 years you'll be talking about 75,000 tons, ten times. You are really talking about -- when you are talking about hill sheep farmers, you are talking about subsistence farming. People are going to be forced out of business.David Davis[0:01:30] I think I would have done the same thing, frankly, in those circumstances. But let's be clear, the right outcome happened, Hancock went, he had to go. What he had done was wrong, what he did was horrible for all the people that had to live through the traumatic circumstances of small funerals and weddings, seeing their close relatives die without being able to say goodbye, that sort of thing. They will all have felt really, really angry. So he couldn't stay. But I don't think Boris should have done much different.Fiona Bruce[0:00:00] We'll take our first question now, which is Becky.

AudienceMember 20210708QT01[0:00:06] Thank you, Fiona. Welcome, Panel. Was Boris's nonaction against Matt Hancock yet another missed opportunity to show leadership and set the standard for social distancing?

David Davis[0:00:20] I don't think so. With all these things, when somebody falls from grace there's almost a lynch mob in the press. I watched this, I thought it was plain that Matt was going to go. But Boris made a number of decisions. I'm just reading his mind the same way you would.Fiona Bruce[0:02:04] Interesting. A whole array of hands shot up as you were talking. So you are saying, David, you would have done the same thing. Andy.Andy Burnham[0:02:14] I don't agree with David on this. I do think so, you need a prime minister to lead from the front at any time but particularly during a pandemic when extraordinary things are being asked of people, when families are not seeing loved ones who are dying in hospital, that is exactly the moment that the Prime Minister needs to set the standards that the country has to live by. Otherwise, it all falls apart. I think that's where we're getting to. This idea of one rule for them, one rule for everyone else, was introduced by the handling of the Dominic Cummings trip to Barnard Castle, but it is being reinforced by the way the last few days have played out.Fiona Bruce[0:00:46] We know what he said. He said he considered the matter closely.
David Davis[0:00:50] He's an ex-journalist. He knows some don't pursue the truth, they are pursuer of headlines. He knows he is talking about replacing his most important Cabinet member, really, at this point in the middle of this crisis. He knows he is talking about the fate of two families and six children, and so on. I expect what he was doing was creating time for the -- for Matt Hancock to make his own decision. That's what I suspect was going on. I don't know, but that's what I suspect. Frankly, if a Prime Minister shows some loyalty, even perhaps unwise loyalty to a subordinate, I think that's a good thing.Andy Burnham[0:03:02] I get the increasing impression it is impossible to get sacked from this government. You can breach the ministerial code, you can give contracts to your friends. What would it take, actually, to get sacked?Fiona Bruce[0:03:14] One minister has been sacked which is Johnny Mercer. This is the only minister to have been sacked since the 2020 reshuffle. He's the only one.Andy Burnham[0:03:28] That's my point. I don't think the Prime Minister is setting the right standards. It is particularly important at a time like this. To also just dismiss the feelings that were brought in Question Time, that many families have had not being able to see loved ones, I think it showed he is kind of -- he is not thinking this through properly. I would say that they need to really change how there is a sense of standards being applied to this government, and consistency.Fiona Bruce[0:05:26] Jack.
AudienceMember 20210708QT03[0:05:28] Hi. Thank you. Yeah, I'm in total agreement with people who find it absurd that we have to wait for a Tory minister to do the honourable thing and resign. It is yet another example that Boris Johnson either has no conception of moral standards in public office or simply doesn't actually have the power to sack the people who aren't performing or who are ridden by scandals. I'm not sure which is more concerning.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:02] Rose?
AudienceMember 20210708QT04[0:06:02] I don't say this often but I think David hit the nail on the head there that Boris is treating this as an old boys' club. It is not an old boys' club, it is leading the nation. You put the people first. It is not at all what happened here. It is the tip of iceberg for me. I don't hugely care about this affair story. I care about him giving contracts to people who haven't gone through proper channels, giving jobs to friends and treating the public with blatant disregard. He should have been sacked the moment this came out.AudienceMember 20210708QT06[0:11:06] I did, yes. Just to come back on that. This isn't about the whistle-blower. This is about Matt Hancock, this is about relationships, and about Boris Johnson being incapable of holding his party to account. I agree with what Andy Burnham just said. What is it that you have to do to be sacked for action to be taken? I think in terms of David Davis's comments around there's nothing you would have done differently, well, there's clear gas-lighting going on by Boris here. The matter is closed one minute and he took decisive action the next. It can't be both. When you are stood on a pedestal asking the public to do something but you are ill-prepared to do it, you have to go. As you pointed out yourself, it is inevitable that this person needed to go yet Boris Johnson took no action. So I agree with the audience, complete inconsistencies here, real lack of leadership, really poor.
Fiona Bruce[0:12:00] Chika.
Chika Russell[0:12:08] I completely understand the Prime Minister was trying to buy time. He is the leader of our nation. All of us are business owners, the public, and I agree with all of the Panel at home in that I agree with, answered, and we need accountability, we need consistency, we need clarity. For myself as a business leader, my team look to me for direction.Madeline Grant[0:27:06] What the government must, must make sure of is that the way the education system was dealt with has to be really addressed properly. It has to be looked at. Make a plan that, actually, this is going to come back at some point. Maybe not in 2022, it could come back in 2023. Look at the children who did home schooling. Some of them had 60 minutes a day of Zoom classes. 60 minutes. If we are saying that -- my view is it was not handled very well at all. You could say nobody knew it was coming and so we were -- the government were on the back foot. But now that we know a virus of some sort does come up every so often, we have to make a firm plan of these children in state schools, from these lower socio-economic backgrounds who have parents that don't speak the language, who have parents that work full time, the mental health of children, the impact on -- some of them are three, four months behind where they should be. What can we do to ensure that when we do go back into a lockdown and with the rising variant --Fiona Bruce[0:28:18] If we do. Who knows if we will go back into a lockdown. Some think we will, some don't.
AudienceMember 20210708QT05[0:10:10] 
I think David Davis put it quite succinctly. Matt Hancock clearly made a big mistake. The next day he lost his job. He quite possibly lost his family as well. That's a horrible thing to happen to anybody. I think we should be careful about throwing stones at people. I'm sure we have all made mistakes, all done things we regret in the past. What I would like to know is if this happened on 6 May, why did it take the whistle-blower something like 7 weeks to put the story into a tabloid newspaper? Why did he wait so long to put it into a paper when he could have done something almost immediately? This incident would have been closed something like two months ago.

Fiona Bruce[0:10:52] We have no idea, A, who blew the whistle and, B, when they obtained that footage. It could have been a delay. All that is the great unknown, I'm afraid. Becky, you asked this question.

Fiona Bruce[0:28:24] Andy, what does it mean to live with the virus? What will society look like?Andy Burnham[0:28:32] I want to start by saying that I like Javid.Fiona Bruce[0:28:38] He will be delighted to hear that. I'm sure he will be delighted with your endorsement.Andy Burnham[0:28:46] But in the last week he has sounded more like the Chancellor of the Exchequer than Health Secretary. He seems more concerned with the economy. I think he just needs to be a little careful about that. I say that in supporting the easing, as some of the Panel have said, you know, I'm not necessarily saying restrictions is the right way to go. We do need to move more to advice and let people manage their way through this and trust people to do that but I am worried, and I agree with Chika about this, I am worried about reports that distancing is going to be dropped and masks are going to be dropped. Now, I don't know if David was advocating both of those things.Fiona Bruce[0:29:26] You would like to keep all the distancing measures?Andy Burnham[0:29:28] You have to keep one or the other. You can't get rid of the distancing and the requirement to wear masks. You have to keep one of those. I was listening to Amanda. You have to think about people who will feel worried about being out there with people without masks. The tram in Manchester, you know, I know that if that goes, some people will feel very vulnerable if they were to use the tram. I think it is better to keep, I would say, the masks requirement.Fiona Bruce[0:25:34] Chika, what do you think society is going to look like without restrictions or will there still be some restrictions as we go forward? What would you like to see happen?Madeline Grant[0:25:44] I think that we need to maintain some restrictions because we -- you know, we cannot afford to go back.Fiona Bruce[0:25:54] So what kind of things are you thinking?Madeline Grant[0:25:58] Masks, for instance, are a small imposition. I think we should remain wearing masks.Fiona Bruce[0:26:04] What about schools? One in 20 are off school at the moment, certainly in England at least because of COVID.Madeline Grant[0:26:10] That's the reason why we really need to maintain some of the restrictions. Because schools and the children have suffered so much and continue to suffer. We speak about this disparity. There's huge disparity between, you know, children who are from kind of less privileged socio-economic backgrounds that have missed a year plus of education. You know, if we are going to be living with this new normal, and of course, you know, as David mentioned, at some point eventually we will go back to a more normal norm where, living with the flu, there are no more school closures, but we have to be on the front foot because we don't know what's coming. We know to expect the unexpected and we do know at some point something is going to come up again.Fiona Bruce[0:17:54] Now another question from Stephanie.
AudienceMember 20210708QT07[0:17:56] Hi. Good evening. The new Health Secretary says we need to learn to live with the virus. What does that mean and how will society look without restrictions?
Fiona Bruce[0:18:08] There's me talking about what September will look like. Benjamin, what's your view? The Prime Minister has already said today that we may have some restrictions in place even after July 19th. We don't know what they will be. How do you see life after COVID? Or living with COVID?
Benjamin Zephaniah[0:18:28] It looks very depressing. I'm kind of half laughing, I don't know why. Every time I come on this programme I bring up the subject of veganism. Evidence shows the more we cut down rain forests, the more we come into contact with animals that don't want to come into contact with us. The animals know better. We cut down the forests, we encounter them. Viruses will keep jumping from them to us. I think Covid-19 is one thing but there's a lot more to come. It is the consequences of our actions. I heard today that it's from a study in the University of Utrecht that human beings are now giving Covid-19 to their pet, to their cats and dogs. Now, imagine if it mutates again and then comes back to us. I mean, this is really scary.Chika Russell[0:12:36] And, you know, this -- as Jo said, he said the case is closed one moment, then a few days later it was, "actually, we fired him". Matt took a role. He accepted the job to be a public figure. And that comes with many benefits, and he has so happily used those benefits. But he is a leader and arguably the most -- one of the most-watched men on our screens. And to have been given the opportunity to resign was a luxury, I think. If he had been working for an organisation, and the government is an organisation, he would have been marched off immediately before he had a chance to pack his bags. You know, the blatant infidelity, the -- I mean, the cheek, you know, and I think, yes, you know, Tony, as you mentioned, he has a family, there are six children involved, but he didn't think about that, did he? He didn't. As a leader he should have thought about that first and then put that first before he behaved how he had behaved. With all of the rules put in place which we are all having to abide by, as Benjamin mentioned, family members who can't come together, weddings being postponed, I just buried my father-in-law, we were limited to numbers. And here is this guy having a good old jolly. It is not acceptable.Benjamin Zephaniah
[0:21:04] We always had to live with viruses ever since we started getting the liquids and saliva and the blood of animals on us. If we are to keep doing that, we have to face that. I'd rather not. I'd rather the world go vegan.

Fiona Bruce
[0:21:26] David, you have been critical of the restrictions. The Prime Minister indicated some of those may continue, who knows how long for. What do you think the summer, autumn going into winter is going to look at.

David Davis
[0:21:44] It depends what happens with the decease.

Fiona Bruce
[0:21:46] That's an unknown. Given what we know at present.

David Davis
[0:21:50] It is not entirely an unknown. We can see the trajectory now. People talk about breaking the link between the cases and the hospitalisation and the hospitals. It is not a broken link, it is a dramatically suppressed link. That's working because the vaccines, the therapies are working as well. The aim is to get this to a point where -- it's never going to be non-fatal but less than flu, if you like. Flu kills between 5 and 25,000 people a year and we don't lock down because of flu. So, that's the first thing. Now, assuming we can get there, I want to see us go back as close to the freedoms we had before as we possibly can.
Fiona Bruce[0:15:42] You wouldn't have sacked him, that's the point.Andy Burnham[0:15:48] It is not a political point, I think we are at quite a potentially risky moment in the pandemic. I pick up something Madeline said. There's a growing sense of inconsistency here in terms of how rules are being applied. I'll give you an example. You have parents complaining they can't go to school sports days and see Wimbledon packed out. In our case you have the Scottish government, not all the UK government, out of nowhere hitting Manchester and Salford at the same time as thousands and thousands of people were leaving Scotland to go to London for the football. The danger is governments are behaving inconsistently now. If they carry on that way, people are going to say we're not putting up with this.David Davis[0:16:36] I think they already are.Fiona Bruce[0:16:38] Some might be, but a lot of our audience are obeying the rules.David Davis[0:16:44] If you walked up a street in London after the match, there were lots of pubs full of people breaking all the rules you're talking about. That's already happening, I'm afraid. And you're right, part of it is because of the complexity and inconsistency of the rules. We agree on that. Part of it is because the leaders are not showing the way.David Davis[0:22:30] One of the things I'm going to be doing come 19 July is saying okay, what's left over from a year of ministerial decisions -- not Parliamentary decisions, ministerial decisions -- on a vast range of subjects where we have given up our freedoms. I want to see us get back as close as we can to usual. In the middle of all that we are going to be having the government making plans to deal with future pandemics as Benjamin referred to. But we have to get back to our country running as normal. That's what the public want, I think. That's what we ought to deliver.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:10] Amanda, you are shaking your head at that. Why is that?
AudienceMember 20210708QT08[0:23:16] I don't personally have the confidence to actually walk out in the streets without a mask on. I was on holiday last week, I was lucky enough to get away to Cornwall, and Cornwall, a lot of it is in lockdown because of the G7. The proximity of so many people, I don't have the confidence that somebody is not going to sneeze on me or coughing on me.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:52] The rise in cases in Cornwall is due to the summer breaks. I'm not sure it is quite as clear-cut as that. Andrea.Andy Burnham[0:37:22] The point Nicola made, we should be having daily testing of the contacts. There are about 400,000 kids at home who are contacts of people who tested positive. That is not sustainable. We have not had policies that have realised why, such as supporting people with no access to sick pay to self-isolate if they are ill. This is a point we made all the way through the pandemic. The government has never dealt with it. You have to deal with things like that. Put booster supplies into the areas where cases have been highest, have an approach that realises that health is poorest in some parts.
Fiona Bruce[0:38:06] Tony.
AudienceMember 20210708QT11[0:38:08] Yes, Fiona, thank you again. I'm very privileged to work in a vaccination centre. Three weeks ago we were vaccinating people in their mid-30s, two weeks ago early 30s, last week we were vaccinating people in their 20s. At the same time in Durham there was a pop-up vaccination centre in the town centre for anybody over the age of 18. The vaccination programme is accelerating at a phenomenal rate. I'm fairly confident that we will have everybody that needs to be vaccinated, vaccinated quite soon, very soon. Then, come September, we will be offering booster doses for people over the age of 50, I believe, to start off with.AudienceMember 20210708QT11[0:38:50] I'm anticipating that come September I will have the flu vaccine in one arm, the COVID in the other arm, and get on with this. If I want to wear a mask, I'll wear a mask. Let people make the decision. If you feel comfortable wearing the mask, wear it. If you feel you have been vaccinated, get on with our lives. That's what we need to do.Fiona Bruce[0:39:16] One more before I move on.AudienceMember 20210708QT12[0:39:20] I think the key thing for me is, if we want our lives back, if we want to have in-person studying and we want to have in-person socialising, we need to understand we can't go backwards. We can't go back to how it was before. As you've already said, that's what got us here. So, if I have to wear a mask to protect people that I want to interact with, because the mask doesn't protect me, it stops me from spitting all over someone else, I should do that. The same way as I should drive my car and not smash into people, I should wear a mask to not give them a disease. If that's what it takes to get the country back to normal, to get in-person teaching back to normal, to get small businesses, to get the hospitality industry, to get performing arts, to get everybody back to normal, if we wear a mask, that's not really a Big Brother state, that's just me saying -- and everybody saying -- oh, I'm not actually going to spit all over you today.Madeline Grant[0:32:28] I think the reporting needs to change. Right now people are being read out figures that sound scary in and of themselves. You hear about the number of deaths per day or the number of infections, but without the true context and without, for example, knowing where those infections are taking place, if they are taking place in people at minimal risk of infection or complications, that is a difficult proposition. But without that context it adds to the sense of pessimism and fear. Until we get past that, I don't think we are going to be at the old normal again.Andy Burnham[0:33:04] The trouble with what you're saying is you're kind of assuming that there's going to be no variant that challenges the vaccine. Benjamin was saying before there could be. The point about saying it has to be irreversible, you might find yourself in a difficult place with public opinion if you assert that, then all of a sudden a variant appears that breaks through the vaccine. What do you do then and how do you get the public to buy back in?David Davis[0:33:32] One thing that will have changed after this is the public will be more cautious. In the old days we couldn't get people to take flu vaccinations. Now you will see more of that. The government's plan is going to help reduce the risk of the variant -- a new variant by passing it and so on. In the future we are going to see every September huge vaccination programmes. That will enable us to go back to normal. That's what the plan must be.Fiona Bruce
[0:14:18] David, you had a lot of people -- not all, but most -- taking issue with you. Part of the question from Becky was, was Boris's non-action a missed opportunity to set the standard for social distancing. There has been a bit of comeback with the prime minister seen celebrating England's goals. But the guidance for outdoor events says everyone must be seated if they are consuming food and drink. There are a few people organising weddings saying he's doing that, why is he doing that?

David Davis
[0:14:58] The worst example of that is the G7, with all of them clearly staged, then after that someone took a snap and they were all together. I agree with the fact you have to provide leadership by your action as well as by what you say. You know, as many of you may know, I have been fighting against some of the excessive limitations about this. But I don't disagree. That's why Hancock had to go. He had to go because -- I mean, all of us virtually on this Panel, by the sounds of it, and up and down the country, have had funerals, weddings, other episodes to deal with, which we have suffered.
Fiona Bruce [0:42:08] Why are they voting for this government?
Andy Burnham [0:42:12] I'm saying the left has failed to counter the narrative that has been built over the last decade. It has divided people and made them fearful of each other. What the Labour Party has to do, it can't bring people back together again and say there are policies that bind us all here. We all should be wanting a real living wage for everybody, wherever they come from, whatever community they are in. We should want, in my view, social care for everybody. Social policies coming out of the -- the place we should take population is the current England team. They --
Fiona Bruce[0:42:52] Every politician is trying to attach -- nail their colours to that particular mast.
Andy Burnham[0:42:58] It is a point because they have been attacked for taking the knee. This is the English working class, lads from all backgrounds, all colours. Actually, you know, the white members of the team have stood behind their teammates and they stood together. I actually take inspiration from them, the next generation in this country who I don't think see people in the same way. We need to take inspiration from that. Bring working class people back to get policies that help everybody. A real version of levelling up. The motto from the England team is if people stand together and fight together, they win together. That's what the left has to start doing and counter -- a decade where some of the wealthiest people around have started saying to working class people, blame your neighbour, who has a different coloured skin from you, for everything. We have to mount a better response to it.Fiona Bruce[0:49:10] Would a Labour defeat be the final nail in the coffin for the party?Chika Russell[0:49:16] I think so. Because more and more of them are voting conservative. Better the devil you know than the angel you don't. With the party they have now, they've had the benefit of the furlough, the benefit of getting support during this pandemic and they accessed it quite easily. To go back to a government with, you know, where they haven't felt listened to I think is going to be difficult. If they do lose this election this time, then it really will be very difficult for them to go back and therefore, in that area, it could be the end for them. More and more people are voting Conservative.David Davis[0:50:04] If we win, which I think is quite likely, but we'll know in a few hours, is it the end of Labour? No, it's not. I've seen both parties be on their uppers in the time I've been an adult and come back with it. Whether in York or us with 100 seats in Parliament to where they are now. Should they get rid of Starmer? Well, it won't solve their civil war, which is the current problem. Where they can't decide where they are. Neither will it solve the problem they have now.Fiona Bruce[0:34:00] Madeline, you wanted to come back in.
Madeline Grant[0:34:04] I agree with that point, but with variants there has been a tendency to get panicky about a new variant without the grounds for doing so. I think we should deal with the risk that we currently face, not the possible nebulous risk, which I agree is scary, of a new variant coming in which is resistant to all the vaccines. Until we have evidence of that we need to, with the world as we currently have it not on until eventualiality.
Benjamin Zephaniah[0:34:34] I may have sounded heavy when I was talking about the evolution of seeing any of them, and the way we treat animals. But I teach at a university, young adults, and I teach performance poetry. I've had to do it on Zoom this year. It was absolutely terrible. I mean it worked because we had to do it to make it work for Zoom, but it wasn't like teaching in the class. I really want to get back into the classroom. But I've seen the stress on some of my students. I know in other universities and some schools where there have been suicide with kids that can't cope. But in all the answers I've heard people saying, people keep talking about going back to normal. Okay, I'm not going to be heavy, but normal got us here. You know, if you make a mistake, there's nothing wrong with making a mistake, but it is about making the mistake again and again and again. We have to change the way we do things. I just think it seems obvious and nobody is saying it. Everybody is saying "back to normal, back to normal". Normal got us here.Fiona Bruce[0:44:02] Madeline.
Madeline Grant[0:44:06] I don't think it is as simple as the government have played divide and rule and hoodwinked the working class into voting for them. I think there is a real identity crisis for the Labour Party, for many reasons. There is a broad political realignment going on. The party is very much stuck in the past. Even the fact that at the time of the great decline of manual labour and so on, yet there is still this disproportionate interest of the trade unions which led to -- probably more left wing than the public would have liked in leaders in the Labour Party. But even the language sometimes sounds like it is from the '70s, saying things like "comrades." As Andy alluded to, and he is one of the best people doing this, but his colleagues are struggling, there's a way of articulating being patriotic that sounds genuine. Many attempt it where it doesn't fit. In a way I feel bad for ear Starmer. Although there is a problem of him lacking charisma and struggling to get his message out to the general public, I think there is some time to go before the party can move past the toxic legacy of Jeremy Corbyn, which isn't something that is going to go away overnight. There was an existing identity crisis and a number of political problems. But you have to wonder what is the purpose of the Labour Party now if it no longer stands for the working classes.Fiona Bruce[0:40:28] Charming thought. I'm going to take another question from Fatima.
AudienceMember 20210708QT13[0:40:34] My question is would a Labour defeat be the final nail in the coffin for the Labour Party.
Andy Burnham[0:40:46] No. Absolutely not.
Fiona Bruce[0:40:46] You are going to say that, aren't you?
Andy Burnham[0:40:48] I am going to say that. The constituency is not what you might call a typical red wall seat where there has been a Labour majority forever. This is a seat that is more marginal.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:00] Four years ago Tracy won the party's highest ever vote. So, come on.
Andy Burnham[0:41:06] I was going to come on to say it's not that it wouldn't be serious, it would be serious. I think this is a real challenge not just for Keir Starmer and the Labour Party but the left more broadly. I want to make an important point about this, if I can. We have lived through a decade now, a decade where wealthy and privileged people on the right of politics or even the hard right of politics have posed as the friends of working class people. What they have been trying to do is divide working class communities, make them hate each other, one group to another. That very much is kind of what I see a sense of in Batly. It is almost a sense that you are in a forgotten area and you should feel resentful. The minorities are taking everything. They are taking this narrative into these places. People aren't feeling good because they have a right wing the cancer of zero contracts to spread.Madeline Grant[0:35:52] Normal got us here but we don't know factually what got us here. There's lots of speculation.
Benjamin Zephaniah[0:35:58] We know what the coronavirus is. What it comes from.

Madeline Grant[0:36:04] I've not seen the data that supports that.

Fiona Bruce[0:36:06] It seems to be that it came from animals somehow.

Benjamin Zephaniah[0:36:12] Trust me. It is a wicked virus. If you could draw an evil virus of mankind, that's what you'd draw. It has claws.

Madeline Grant[0:36:24] We have to deal with what we have now. The idea of schools one minute being open, a classroom being closed, for you, imagine you go back in September, are you teaching in person, then the next week it is on Zoom for those of your students that can attend on zoom, many of them can't. The pressure it puts on families. I have three children. Every time one child gets sent home I have to change my plan. The following week is another child, and it continues. The pressure it puts on families is immense. So, knowing this could be the case and we have this situation now and there are so many children suffering, it's what can we do from today.

Benjamin Zephaniah[0:37:08] We can test. If an individual is found positive, we can send that individual home. I think we can do away with sending home whole bubbles. In families where one person is infected, another person isn't in the same family.
David Davis[0:50:40] Andy said the left failed to counter the narrative. No, in the northeast of England the left failed to provide decent representation as happened prior to that in Scotland where your party was completely wiped out because they were so poor at doing their own job of representing the people that they are elected by. What I have seen -- we have both been to Batley. What I saw in Batley is what I saw in the red seats during 2019. A lot of people unhappy with a Labour Party taxes up. Whether it is a demonisation of Corbyn or not. A Labour Party that wasn't pat yobbic, whether true or not, that was the perception. They do think that, as it were, the Tory offering of levelling up is what them the. They feel neglected not over 10 years, over 50 years. Over my adult lifetime they feel neglected. I have some sympathy with that.
Fiona Bruce[0:51:44] Let me ask you, because you have spoken about this a number of times, very recently an article came out yesterday. You said if there was a moment where it was right, I've indicated I would be prepared to go back to -- you talked about your ambitions to lead the party. When will that moment look right for you to try to get a seat in Westminster?Fiona Bruce[0:45:44] Benjamin, would a Labour defeat be a final nail in the coffin for the party? Would it? Would you want Kier Starmer to go?
Benjamin Zephaniah[0:45:58] No, that's a long way off. But I think it would signal -- it would just be kind of representative of the decline, if you like. I think Andy said something interesting about the Labour Party and the left generally not being able to be an effective opposition. This is happening all over the world. Actually, on the right wing as well, the tory party, they are not being good torys I didn't more. They are not one-nation tore Reese any more. They borrow left-wing ideas when they need you are kind of left wing thing where the government steps in and helps people. I doubt if any modern Tory reporters read Adam Smith, or whether any on the left read Karl Marx. I'm probably the only anarchist you have. When you have a good person -- I'm not taking issue with what was just said, but Jeremy Corbyn was really demonised. When you have somebody that comes up and cares about the working class people, he gets demonised in the press. When he's interviewed he's asked about his clothes, ties, glasses, which are not relevant to politics because they want to make him out to be an odd ball character. Funnily enough, I think they really need to find a new way of doing politics.Fiona Bruce[0:56:00] Why do you think it's a possibility that they might do so badly.AudienceMember 20210708QT17[0:56:04] I think if Labour hold the seat it will purely be because of the locality of the candidates. Jo Cox's sister, and that's really, really important. But there's that particular area, that particular part of the world is not far from where I am, there's a lot of discontent, a lot of disillusionment, a lot of discord between the communities as Andy was saying. People are looking for something different and it's a shame it is not going to be Labour but I think it is --Fiona Bruce[0:56:38] Well, we don't know that yet, Fatima. We shall see in a few hours' time.Fiona Bruce[0:31:02] Is that how you would like to see it go Madeline?

Madeline Grant[0:31:06] I don't think so. I want the old normal back. I don't want us to turn into China. I don't want to live in a surveillance state. I think that masks-- I agree with Chika that they are a smaller imposition than many, they may be needed for a while longer, but I don't want to accept a future of indefinite mask-wearing. If we are going to live with this in the way we live with the flu that means things like widespread inoculation giving people booster shots people who are affected should stay away from work places and schools. But if we are to regain a sense of normality and not fall into the pessimism that many of us are feeling both fear of going outside and doing things but a pessimism whether life is ever going to return to normal, we got so horribly used to that sensation of the goalposts moving and they moved so many times that we are playing rugby against the neighbouring rugby club not football any more. I'll believe it when I see it I think is the feeling. But to regain that sense of normality we need to scrap this obsession with testing kids in schools or devise a better system for dealing with children in schools. Right now there's entire year groups and classrooms are being sent home when one pupil tests positive. That is not sustainableFiona Bruce[0:53:14] This isn't a moment for you to do your thing about how marvelous you're doing in Manchester. Answer the question.
Andy Burnham[0:53:22] Well, can I say, am I allowed to say that I won every single ward in Greater Manchester?
Fiona Bruce[0:53:32] Bragging too far. Let's hear from the audience. Quite a few people with their hands up. Carlos.
AudienceMember 20210708QT14[0:53:40] Benjamin, this might be the first time you're not the only anarchist on the show. I wanted to say that I agree with Andy. I do think it is the Conservative Party promoting division amongst us, particularly amongst the working class that seem to have lost the pride in being. That's where the identity crisis is because it is associated with being poor and not wanting to be seen as being poor. But, unfortunately, the fact is that we still are. And the reason why the government, this Tory government use lots of systems and ideas that were socialist in this case is because they are actually good ideas. The NHS first in our care system. In an emergency they have become absolutely important just because these are great ideas.Andy Burnham[0:52:08] It is not now. I will serve a full second term to the people of with him the Westminster. I want Kier to succeed. I agree with David, the representation has not been what it should be in parts of the country, that was one of the reasons we lost Scotland. But I agree with Benjamin because we do need a new way of doing things. The new way of doing things is what I'm doing in Manchester, what Steve Rotherham is building in liberalism. What we are building as a first rather than party first. It is a big change to the way things are done. Westminster is party first. People switch off from it. We come at it in a different way. It is bottom up, we had a drive until Greater Manchester to end homelessness, rough sleeping, we involved people from all sectors, and it is empowering we made a re change. That is a different way of doing things. I'm beginning to kind of roll back the '80s a little, putting buses back under public control in Greater Manchester. We are building zero carbon homes.Fiona Bruce
[0:54:42] Richard.

AudienceMember 20210708QT15
[0:54:44] Thanks, Fiona. Andy, I think you should stay on the role you're doing in Manchester. I heard direct first-hand compliments of the work that you did regarding the bomb interview years ago. I never heard any complements of anything that you did when you were in Parliament. There may well have been, but I never heard of them. Fantastic work going on at a local level like that is surely, surely the way that your party in particular is going to come out of this. You've already alluded to that. Why on Earth would you want to go back into the main Parliament?

Fiona Bruce
[0:55:24] We already heard that he does want to, and we'll see it when it comes. Fatima.

AudienceMember 20210708QT16
[0:55:32] If Labour can't hold this seat with this particular candidate that's standing then I don't know about the final nail, but I think it is a hard nail in the coffin. I agree with Chika, it is going to be a really uphill struggle for the party to rally back. I know there are peaks and troughs, but coming so far on the back of the loss in Hartleool, it is going to be difficult.
Andy Burnham[0:04:02] We had another thing this week, that top business executives could escape quarantine. Some are living by some rules, others by other rules. The danger is all the discipline collapses when we need to remain vigilant.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:22] I wondered how many questions would come in on this. I suspected perhaps not that many. We had loads. Lots of hands are up now. Let's hear from some of you. Jo.
AudienceMember 20210708QT02[0:04:34] I think this is a clear example of how there are huge double standards. This was one opportunity for Boris Johnson to stand up and be counted, to show us he does have a moral compass and he takes that sort of behaviour very seriously. There is a litany of poor behaviour, poor standards in public office, to which he doesn't address. In particular, at the moment, with the acceleration of the vassal programme which they keep referring to as a huge success, which it is, I think that's a distraction from what's going on. I don't understand how the government feel that people will follow the rules now when they have a Health Secretary or ex-Health Secretary that clearly can't and won't follow the rules.Fiona Bruce
[0:19:34] It is talking about very small numbers, and they are not getting particularly ill. But, yes, there is some evidence they can catch it.

Benjamin Zephaniah
[0:19:44] Lots of things start not particularly bad and get worse and worse and worse. We have to change our relationship with the environment, with animals, very quickly if we are going to live in a world -- we'll never live in a world free of viruses, but live in a world where we can meet, we can hug, we can party. All these simple things we take for granted.

Fiona Bruce
[0:20:10] Do you think you will be happy to do those things after 19 July? Like you arrived today with your mask, after July 19 can you see yourself feeling comfortable just living life as you did before or do you think --

Benjamin Zephaniah
[0:20:24] I'm pretty nervous and I have a gig on 19 July. Then I have my band booked for concerts in the summer, and I'm very nervous about it. In fact, when it started I remember they were talking about black men of a certain age who were very vulnerable. That was me. And I'm doing shows with young teenagers and they are spitting their poetry over me. This is very dangerous. We passed that, we've had various mutations, but I'm worried about what is going to happen in the future. When I hear you about coming back in September, I think, yeah, what do we know?

Fiona Bruce
[0:21:02] I feel the same. We don't know.Fiona Bruce[0:29:58] Even if death continue, they are rising but very slowly -- if deaths continue at -- no one wants any deaths but if they continue at the relatively low level they are you would want to keep either face masks or social distancing.
Andy Burnham[0:30:12] I think I'm right in saying cases were highest day than they were in January. That's a worry. But you are right to say, Fiona, it isn't translating into hospitalisation. I was discussing the figures just before the show with David. So creeping up. There is a break between cases and hospital admission definitely. But I think the general point is if you get to the middle of July and say, okay, there's no masks, no distancing, the message coming out from the government will be we are back to normal. But I don't think we are back to normal. I think it is a case of living with this thing, as Benjamin was saying. So me, masks are a physical barrier to spreading the virus but a reminder that we are not living in normal time and we all need to look out for each other. I think that is a sensible way to go.Benjamin Zephaniah[0:47:40] It is the idea that the workers are going to put down the tools in the factory. They're not working with tools in factories any more, they are working behind computer screens. Not all Tory supporters are working in the city and financial people. Politics has changed and we have to have new ideas coming forward on the left and the right to deal with the future. I think some of the -- if you talk about Marxism, capitalism, socialism, all those kind of things, what's really going to work for us in the future is something we don't have a name for at the moment because we haven't worked it out.Fiona Bruce[0:48:22] Chika.Chika Russell[0:48:30] I would say -- the professionals -- I have a few friends, and I've been a journalist for the past week, just -- you know, I have a view on how the election has gone. Call me Mystic Meg, if you will, people feel really forgotten, they feel let down. They feel the opportunities are not what they were. I mentioned the numerous people I know that live in and around Yorkshire. Now I think that --AudienceMember 20210708QT09[0:24:02] The only way we can go now is forward. We cannot go back. We cannot go into another lockdown situation. We must come out of this. Of course, we come out of it gradually and that's the right way to go. But, you know, if we look at the pictures we've all seen of people looking at the football -- I hate to go back to the football all the time -- the seating outside was socially distanced for a reason. When you see the pictures of everybody watching the match, everybody is up on their feet, everybody is hugging. Yes, we have to go forward but we still must be careful. There may be less people in hospital with COVID these days, however, there are still people suffering from long COVID, which is a really serious illness. We don't know the impact of people's bodies that has taken yet. So we still have to be very careful when we're coming out of this and we all have to work together to make sure the only direction we go is forward.
Fiona Bruce[0:24:58] Nicola?
AudienceMember 20210708QT10[0:25:02] I just really hope the new normal in education goes back to schools being back to normal. We're seeing another surge of lots of children isolating at the moment. I hope -- and that's a real priority for the government, to get our children back to school as much as they can, as difficult as it is as we cope with the pandemic. Our young children have this legacy to deal with. I hope we can get the schools to as normal as possible in September.Fiona Bruce[0:06:36] Just listening to the point a number of people have put since this all broke, which is why should we follow the rules when we have seen those in the highest office not doing so.
Benjamin Zephaniah[0:06:48] I think David said something really important. Boris Johnson was a journalist. The problem is he thinks he can still act like a journalist. He is a politician leading the country, so he has to lead by example. During this whole last year, five, six months, whatever it is, I've come across many occasions when people are breaking the rules. When they are breaking the rules they are referring to Dominic Cummings, all these kinds of things. I don't think politicians are anybody special but people do look to them for leadership. Right now it is not an ordinary time. We really need leadership. If Boris Johnson or any other politicians feel they can act like a journalist or act like a businessman or something like that, no, we need political leadership because it is very difficult for me to speak about these things without being emotional. Covid-19 has really affected me and my family. My sister buried people, that was her job, then we got the virus. So when we came here tonight, the Question Time Panel, we were careful. If we have the rulers of our country and their friends not being good examples, what hope have we got for the rest of the people?Fiona Bruce
[0:08:18] Madeline.

Madeline Grant
[0:08:22] If I was in charge I would have sacked Matt Hancock on the spot, too. I think that the position was clearly untenable given his pivotal role. Not just in creating these Draconian and inhumane rules we have had to live by but often going further and taking a harsher line than many of his colleagues. The position was clearly untenable. I think the delay does reflect very poorly on the PM but it brings in real questions, I think, not just about public trust, which has been, you know, seriously damaged by this and many other things, but I think about the level of compliance. I think when you get to this level of disparity and complete double standards and hypocrisy, there are enough things where this government has forfeited the rights for adherence to the rules that still exist. It is not just Matt Hancock, which was outrageous enough, but there are extraordinary inconsistencies about what's allowed. When you see crowds of the size we saw at Wembley, exemptions for the UEFA VIPs, exemptions for business travellers and you see politicians breaking the rules, but it is difficult to organise weddings, visit sick relatives, and difficult for kids in schools because the same testing are in place, people are isolating in large numbers and it is chaotic, expecting this endless one rule for them, another for us. After a while that starts to grate on people. We need a return to some kind of normality and readjust our priorities in all sorts of ways.
Fiona Bruce[0:10:36] Let's get started. Our first question tonight is from Aneel James.

AudienceMember 20211111QT01[0:10:42] Has Tory sleaze returned?

Fiona Bruce[0:10:46] Caroline Lucas.

Caroline Lucas[0:10:50] Yes, it has returned, on steroids, I'm afraid. It really has been shocking to see the way in which Owen Paterson has been defended by the Prime Minister that, in a sense, we've abolished any kind of independent system of dealing with MPs' misconduct and instead we have the prospects of a new committee that was going to be a kangaroo court. There was going to be a built-in government majority on the new committee.Fiona Bruce[0:12:46] Paul Scully.
Paul Scully[0:12:52] It's not. We have a situation here where we have to look at the process. I think if you look at the process that Owen Paterson went through, if that came to me as a constituency MP with someone in a different set of circumstances, when he was talking about the fact that it was 17 months, he had 17 witnesses, none of whom were questioned, I would want to be able to test that. I would want to have maybe a second structure, an appeal system. We also have -- we actually have two processes. We all have an independent complaints and grievance scheme that was set up with other issues around bullying, when the previous speaker was accused of bullying. That has an appeal system. This one doesn't.Fiona Bruce[0:13:34] Is the government wrong to back down today?
Paul Scully[0:13:40] What I was going to say, that's why I voted about the process. It is fair that someone should be able to go through that. It did not overturn what the Commissioner for Standards actually found because they would have had that due process and that would have come back whatever the result was. But, no, then, obviously, Owen Paterson has forced the issue by resigning. I think, clearly there was a case to answer, absolutely there was a case to answer.Fiona Bruce[0:14:06] Emily Thornberry.
Emily Thornberry[0:14:10] There is an appeal process. Let me touch on that for a minute. What happens is if a complaint has been made against you, let's say you received half a million pounds for two companies to lobby for them, let's say, as happened with this case, and he goes before an independent commissioner, he then can go before a panel of MPs then can go before the whole of Parliament. It is important to stick to the truth. What happened 25 years ago, obviously, was at the end of a long time of tory government conservatory MPs were taking money in brown envelopes to ask questions on behalf of companies, at the end of this long period of a conservative government we havetory MPs taking money again to ask questions and lobby on behalf. At least last time they were ashamed. It is not just conservatives, there have been other MPs, clearly, who have brought Parliament into disrepute and we need to have an independent system that can assess what has happened and make sure proper decisions are made. We cannot have MPs deciding for themselves.Fiona Bruce[0:20:56] Of course Owen Paterson has not been convicted of anything.
AudienceMember 20211111QT06[0:21:00] I think the MPs should only be dealing with their constituency issues, not taking on multiple roles. By taking on multiple roles it is saying the issues within their constituency is a part-time role. So I therefore have time to take payment from other companies. When you are elected into this particular role for your constituency, you act for them, them alone and nobody else.
Tim Stanley[0:21:28] Would you include things like being a firefighter or a GP? I think it can be a good thing that MPs can do things other than be an MP.
Caroline Lucas[0:21:40] The idea that you're going to have time to be putting in to doing another job on top of your work as an MP I think is for the birds. I think where you might be right is to have -- where you might be right is we could look at job-sharing for MPs. That is something I think would be positive. You get a wider selection of people putting themselves forward for that role, people who are carers or people who want to keep a foot in the door of being a GP or firefighter, whatever it is. But the idea you can find time for a part-time job that's going to pay you on top of being an MP I find preposterous.Paul Scully
[0:28:46] If you throw these around it is damaging politics as a whole. Absolutely it is. Time and time again, when people will obviously use this for party political points --

Fiona Bruce
[0:29:04] The audience are laughing when you say that. What do you feel about that?

Paul Scully
[0:29:08] The lady at the back is talking about the narrative. That's the narrative given by the other parties, by the media who are looking at the short-term aspects.

AudienceMember 20211111QT08
[0:29:20] It is not what you want us to hear. This is your story as well, isn't it? This man needs to be let off.

Paul Scully
[0:29:28] No, absolutely not. It wasn't going to overturn the decision --

AudienceMember 20211111QT09
[0:29:34] If it is not going to overturn the decision, let it run through.

Paul Scully
[0:29:38] It was taking a long-term view of his career and that process to give confidence in the process long term.

Fiona Bruce
[0:29:46] Forgive me for interrupting. I'm going to move on because there's a massive topic I want to cover this evening. Before I get to it, I want to say next week we will be in Hartlepool as COP-26 comes to a close. We will have Naomi Klein, then the following week we are in Beckenham where we will be joined by Jordan Peterson. If you would like to be in either of those audiences, do apply on the Question Time website. Do come along, we'd love to see you there.
Fiona Bruce[0:22:20] We got a little bit away from the question. Paul, has Tory sleaze returned?Paul Polman[0:22:28] I am listening with interest. I am only privileged to what I read in the newspapers. But what is clear to me, it is an own goal that has been scored here. At a time when we need more trust in our politicians, in any institutions, at a time that we need to operate under a higher moral standard, I can only conclude that this is a human tragedy but also a political tragedy that should have some lessons. You cannot change the game when you are playing the game and that seems to be an attempt here to do that. That is very confusing for the public at large and I consider myself to be part of that public at large. There is a bigger issue here, though, that has been raised which I actually agree with that to what extent do we let other money come into politics to influence the decisions that need to be taken? In my book Net Positive that just came out, I specifically discussed the $3.5 billion that industry is using to lobby to influence laws. I have a problem with that. I think society at large has a problem with that. At Unilever I would not allow any of these things to happen, if I may be very clear.Paul Scully
[0:26:56] The perspective that is looked on in politicians, I don't think, actually, is often worked through at what cost they're doing some parts of their job. But, clearly, there was a case to be answered. That's what I'm saying. It wasn't going to overturn the decision but it was going to analyse it further.

Caroline Lucas
[0:27:20] There may be an argument to say look again at this process. But the idea that you would do that under a live case is just -- it is just unacceptable. I sat on the committee that Andrew Ledson chaired looking at the issue of sexual harassment in Parliament and what processes you would need for that. It took us a year of painstaking cross-party work to come up with a new system, a better system. That's the kind of legwork that you had to put in. The idea that Jacob Reese Mogg could rock up in Parliament yesterday and say here's a new committee when putting the tories in the driving seat was never going to work. We need the long-term process to get the better rules in place. The last thing I wanted to say to Tim was about this being a case of Boris Johnson showing decency, there is a case that Boris Johnson was thinking about his own skin because he knows the commissioner is likely to be looking at him again, about his flat. So he's actually got bad blood with this committee. For him to be promoting a process that would say she will be pushed out of her role in order for him to be able to carry on with his lackadaisical business as usual --

Paul Polman[0:31:38] At the time of COVID, 20 percent of the world had agreed to be net 0 by 2050. We now have 80 percent of the world. China, India, Russia have signed up to the 1.5 degree pledge. They are participating in the 100 million financing for emerging markets. They have signed major declarations on forest reduction and forest restoration. So all these --
Fiona Bruce[0:32:06] Paul, I'm sorry to interrupt. Let me ask you about deforestation. You have 110 countries agreeing to reverse it by 2030, then today, Indonesia, who had signed up to that, said hang on a minute, we don't want to be doing that after all. That must be disheartening, to say the least.
Paul Polman[0:32:28] India has made a commitment to be net zero by 2070 and on carbon emission by 2050. Russia has made a commitment with China to be net zero by 2060. These countries are there. They have made commitments and there are mechanics that increasingly are put in place to hold everybody accountable. This is the next step that needs to happen. So we can all speculate on the future of whether or not these countries are doing but, as I said, they are the most affected by climate change. They have the most interest to ensure the right actions will be implemented.Paul Polman[0:33:08] Coming to independent -- the only country with tropical forests, has seen a rapid decline in deforestation. They are continuing with that. They put a price of carbon in place. They have aggressive government policies to continue in that direction because they know the world doesn't want unsustainable palm oil anymore. They know they are destroying livelihoods of indigenous people if they continue like this. So the country is actively involved in preserving our natural capital. In fact, Indonesia is probably best placed in the future in this world to monetise the enormous natural capital that they have to confer their economy to this greener more sustainable economy.

Fiona Bruce[0:34:02] I'm sorry, Paul, forgive me. I'm going to bring in the rest of the panel. The question is, given that Russia, India and China didn't turn up, how successful are the breakthrough pledges of COP-26, a glimmer of hope or blah blah blah.

Tim Stanley[0:34:24] The leaders didn't have support but I'm feeling positive about COP, actually. What it has done is come up with deadlines and goals, but the thing is they push the world in a certain direction. Once, most catalytically, we begin to invest private capital in the technology, that will develop momentum.Fiona Bruce[0:17:54] You mentioned Boris Johnson flying in a private jet. Were you at that dinner?
Tim Stanley[0:18:04] This is very embarrassing. I was invited but I couldn't get a dog sitter. This is why I'm a terrible journalist. I'm five minutes from where things are happening and I find a reason not to be in the room. The government backed Owen Paterson, then withdrew the report. By doing so it damaged its -- and Owen Paterson. I think the Prime Minister was motivated by a sense of decency. He thought in this instance a man was being unfairly hounded. Not just for the reasons being given because the process was so long, so opaque and somewhat contradictory. Not just because the lobbying he was supposed to have done is raising genuine public health questions with ministers, one was related to absence in 
Emily Thornberry[0:18:57] He was being paid for that? You don't need to be paid in order to be a whistle-blower.
Tim Stanley[0:19:10] There is a third reason, which we have not mentioned because it is too sensitive, which is last year Owen Paterson's wife took her own life. That's why many felt sympathetic to support this man in this particular instance.Emily Thornberry[0:25:30] There's a falling out between the government and those who are supposed to be independently applying those rules. What is most important is the way they are going to try to undermine judicial review, where the courts can hold government to account. Our democratic system has a series of checks and balances but at the moment we have a government to whom they feel the law doesn't apply to them. It is a pattern of behaviour.Fiona Bruce[0:25:56] To ask the question put by the man in the sweater there, why decide to change the process, now you aren't able to or the government has changed it's mind. This has been in existence since 2013.Paul Scully[0:26:12] I was going to answer that directly. The system has not carried a lot of confidence with it, by complainants and those going through the system itself. But there were issues particularly highlighted by this case. So, rather than changing the system drastically, rather than seeking to overturn the decision as some have talked about, it was looking to add an extra layer of appeal to be able to sort of test the --Fiona Bruce[0:26:34] Why now? The question is why now?Paul Scully[0:26:38] Because of what we've seen. When politicians go through these processes they have a massive height to fall from. We've seen what's happened with the human cost, as Tim said, of Owen, who broke his back. He was lucky to be able to walk again. Then went through this process, then lost his wife.Caroline Lucas
[0:39:14] I want to challenge some of the language around the sacrifice. I think one of the most frustrating things about this discussion is the fact that what's possible here is the possibility of a better quality of life for all of us. It doesn't have to be around sack cloth and ashes. This is about the possibility, for example, of having every single home properly insulated. A proper house by house, street by street locally authority led programme that gets fuel bills down, creates millions of jobs. One of my favourite cartoons has a professor in front of a whiteboard. On the whiteboard they listed all the advantages of moving to a zero carbon economy, free or affordable public transport, properly insulated homes. Then there's a student with a speech bubble coming out of their mouths: What if climate change is a hoax and we created a better world for no reason. There's a real change of creating that better world, and realised that public opinion is miles ahead of government. They want bolder action, looks at every single opinion poll where it is clear that people want to act. Look at the fact that climate change be acceptable -- come up with far bolder things that governments ever do. For those people taking many, many flights, just 15 percent of the population take 70 percent of the flights. Once you start taking more than one flight in a year that ratchets up. People like there -- they want to see a ban on high carbon products being advertised. There are some win wins here. We should be able to talk about those and bringing people with us.
AudienceMember 20211111QT02[0:16:20] I think, actually, it is a bit disingenuous to say he didn't have the right of appeal. He was able to take his lawyers in to speak to the committee. He had 17 written witnesses that he could stake --Fiona Bruce[0:16:36] Written statements you mean.AudienceMember 20211111QT03[0:16:38] Written statements that that he could take. They were about character. I read the report yesterday. They were character references. It is like having more witnesses who will say, yes, he might be a burglar but while he was burgling your house he fed the cat. He's a nice man therefore it doesn't count. That's not true. I think the British public are fed up thinking Boris Johnson thinks he can get his mates after. My narrative for this story is that Boris Johnson flew in a private jet down to London, we object to a party, went to meet his friends. Amongst his friends were people there who persuaded him to get him off, to get Owen Paterson off. He said "I'll do this". It might not be the true but that's what it is in the general public's mind. I'm telling you lots of people are saying that. My friends are saying that. We don't understand what happened yesterday. At one point he was saying we should do this, by lunchtime today, everything is thrown up in the air and everything is changed. What's the truth of it? Where are the facts in this?Paul Scully[0:42:32] I agree that it's, you know, again the optics of people flying into Glasgow is not particularly good, but what you do find --Fiona Bruce[0:42:40] And the prime minister flying in a private jet to a dinner in London.Paul Scully[0:42:46] What you find is not so much what's happening in that hall, it's what's happening with the negotiating teams alongside those informal meetings. When China are not here, for example, there is a high-level negotiating team from China that's over here.Fiona Bruce[0:43:04] So do you think -- the question, basically, is it going to be a success or more blah blah blah? I know we are only part way through it, at the moment is it looking a success.Paul Scully[0:43:14] I'm optimistic. There's plenty more to be done, clearly. The prime minister is talking about coal, cars, cash and trees. All those need to be looked at. Whether it is deforestation, whether making sure we have 450 of the top financial companies in the world that are aligning their funds, trillions of pounds, dollars worth of funds along with the climate change, the US climate change targets. So this is a really important market change. But what it is also doing is developing and creating markets. Tim talked about the cost to the consumer, but the government money and the government strategies that we have also leveraged private money. So the hydrogen strategy is bringing in money to this country because they know the government are backing a particular technology and that can start to be developed.Fiona Bruce[0:30:20] Our next question from Jonathan.
AudienceMember 20211111QT10[0:30:22] Without the likes of Russia, India and China on board, are this week's COP-26 breakthrough pledges such as the reduction of methane emissions a glimmer of hope or more blah blah blah?
Fiona Bruce[0:30:38] To quote the words of Greta Thunberg. Paul, not only have you been the head of Unilever for 10 years but you work with the UN as an advocate for sustainability. What's your view on this?
Paul Polman[0:30:52] I'm glad we're talking climate change now and I'm in Glasgow and not London because the issues in London seem to be more trivial than what we're dealing with here in Glasgow. People have discovered the burning issue of climate change and we don't have any time any more. The question is a pertinent one. We need the bigger countries like India, China, Russia, 100 percent on board. But the situation is actually a little bit better than the question would suggest. Before COVID started, we have all worried that nobody was serious to stick to the Paris Agreements, to get to the 1.5 degrees. When COVID came everybody said that's a major distraction, we will not spend time on climate change.Tim Stanley[0:19:28] Now the problem is they weren't just supporting a man with one case, which they might feel on the merits they can take his side on; they were also, in doing that, attempting to rewrite the rules. And that looks like someone has been found guilty of something and you're trying to get them off by rewriting the rules. And by screwing around in the last 48 hours, the government has ended up failing on both counts. It has undermined any case for reform because it looks like reform is a Trojan horse for getting their mate off, but they've also done something which led to an MP having to resign even though he insists he is guilty of nothing. It is a PR disaster. But only a few weeks since the death of David Amoss, a few weeks ago we were talking about the importance of remembering that MPs are human beings. It doesn't mean they should be let off things. Nevertheless, I'm telling you, behind the scenes there is a human context to this story and that's why many MPs felt obliged to support Owen Paterson.
AudienceMember 20211111QT05[0:20:32] I'm in human resources and we have to deal with issues like this all the time. I find it very difficult when there's a standards piece and someone is convicted in the court, both MPs, one gets hounded, has to leave, the other can still be an MP. Why don't we have the same standard for everything, when you are convicted of something, you have to leave.Fiona Bruce[0:41:02] Let's hear from some of these people.
AudienceMember 20211111QT14[0:41:06] Personal responsibility is important. Where's the emphasis being placed on corporate responsibility who create the most emissions.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:14] I'll come back to that. Yes, the Woman in the yellow top.
AudienceMember 20211111QT15[0:41:18] Is given that China and Russia are not admonishing seize how significant is that in those countries for creating change.
AudienceMember 20211111QT16[0:41:28] One of the issues I have is the politicians are making these pledges, they're not backed by anything, they are just weak promises. The problem we have is lot of the leaders are using this as a photo opportunity. The chancellor brings forward a green budget box. A few weeks ago in his budget box, which was a different colour, he was cutting the tax that people pay for domestic flight. Domestic flights is the worst possible way that you can move around. It doesn't join up with the pledges they are making now.
Paul Scully[0:42:02] COP is not a moment in time. It is a long time getting to this culmination. When we took over the presidency there was 20 or 30 percent -- 20 countries, rather, that had adopted a net zero plan. They are now up to 90. We are starting to build up that crescendo. We know that Paris was a time to set those targets but now is the time where we are starting to outline what action is going to be taken.Emily Thornberry[0:44:06] I think in order to assist whether COP is going to be a success, we need to look at other commitments that the countries are making enough and will they stick to them. As the gentleman in the blue jacket was saying, I agree with you. I do worry that sometimes -- well, we saw it, we saw it, frankly -- I went to the Copenhagen summit. There was £100 billion supposed to be committed by the developed world to the developing world to help them develop in a green way and be able to protect themselves against the effects of climate change. They haven't seen that money. So I worry there are countries going we'll be zero by 2070. There isn't a plan -- a proper plan as to how they are going to get there. And it doesn't really -- I mean, it is great now people are starting to say we want to get to net zero. That's different to what they said before. They were saying before they didn't need to do it. But we need a proper plan showing how we're going to get there, how much carbon are they going to produce in the meantime. Because the truth is, in order to stick to make sure our planet doesn't heat up more than 1.5 degrees we need to half the amount of carbon we are producing by the end of this decade. Now, how are we going to do that?Fiona Bruce[0:37:48] The man at the back there.
AudienceMember 20211111QT13[0:37:50] With all the restrictions in 2020 that were put on us by the pandemic, carbon emissions globally fell by 5 percent. Are we kidding ourselves about the seismic sense that's needed to really reduce carbon levels down?
Fiona Bruce[0:38:06] We would have to go into some kind of lockdown, is what you are saying? Caroline, I don't know what your view is about that. You are hearing some optimistic views, are you?
Caroline Lucas[0:38:18] I think there has been incremental steps forward. In terms of trying to measure whether or not you feel optimistic, it feels there are two ways of measuring that. On the one hand the world of what's deemed to be currently politically possible, and in that world with, yes, the small steps forward are welcome, although there are big questions about how the deforestation agreement will be enforced, the fact that on the finance agreement it is still not clear whether or not companies are still going to be able to fund fossil fuels, it looks as if they are, so there are issues there. But compared to the transformative change that it requires, and let's not forget what is at stake here, the future of small island states and the rest of us, too, then compared to that kind of way of measuring progress we are still a long way off.Paul Polman
[0:46:58] There are clear dates being put in place to see if we can hold people accountable to their commitments. If we don't do that, we have a serious problem. But the issue is this, even with the current commitments, we are far removed from what we really need to stay below 1.5 degrees. We need 20 times more on electric cars. We're talking here about the biggest transformation of our global economy since the Industrial Revolution, which started here in Glasgow, by the way. Now, coming to the cost. I think for the first time people are starting to realise that the cost of not accounting now is infinitely higher than the cost of acting. COVID has shown us that we can't have healthy people on an unhealthy planet. We have spent 60 trillion to save livelihoods. The IMS estimates we lost $27 trillion in the global economy. Guest what, most of that cost is borne by the people that already kept the wrong stick of society in loading their jobs, losing their lives, in not having a safety net around them. So governments are starting to understand and businesses are starting to understand this is probably the biggest and best business opportunity that we have in front of us.
Paul Scully[0:50:18] The net zero strategy that we launched two weeks ago is looking at seeking to leverage £90 billion worth of private money into developing all these kind of technologies and creating new markets which, incidentally, will create jobs and there's a business opportunity there. So that's when you get that perfect landing point, when you can actually -- instead of the kind of businesses that Emily was talking about exploiting people, can exploit things for the common good.

Fiona Bruce[0:50:54] How can people afford these? That's the question.

Emily Thornberry[0:50:58] I think it is a limp response. It is inadequate. Of course people need to be able to change. Most of us heat our homes through gas but also most of us don't have sufficient insulation. So it is all very well getting a heat pump, but if all the heat is going out the window anyway, we need to have both. Make sure homes are properly insulated, make sure we change the way in which we heat our homes. Quite frankly, I think it is a huge shame that over the last 10, 20 years there has been a change in policy, when I was in the department for energy and climate change, we had a policy of trying to make sure we insulated homes up and down the country. The government cut that scheme, introduced another one which has, frankly, been pathetic.
Tim Stanley
[0:54:36] I'm not saying it can't be done because the point is in the long run, as has been said, you build a market for something so eventually, in theory, green technology could end up guaranteeing us not just abundant energy but also cheaper energy that's cleaner, cheaper than fossil fuels because it is on tap and it's renewable. So in the long run it will be great. But in the short term there is a cost. And it is to be borne by the consumer. I would remind people over the summer, before we even put our heating on, many people's -- my electric bill almost doubled. That's the cost that's going to be put on to the consumers. How do we bridge that gap? Here's an idea, let's ban private jets.

Caroline Lucas
[0:55:30] I agree with Tim. I don't agree with much more that Tim said in the sense that there are political choices about where you put the cost for this transition. Clearly, you do not put that cost on people who are unable to pay it. So when you go back to the discussion about the insulating your home or putting the heat pumps in your home, what the government should have put in the strategy was government money. Governments borrow pretty cheaply right now and it needs to invest in order to reap rewards afterwards.
Tim Stanley[0:36:08] The reality, I expect, is it a reduction in individual consumption and spending a lot more money through taxes, subsidies, increased prices, etcetera, etcetera. So I'm waiting for the moment when western governments are a little bit more honest with their public and say to them: If you really want to do this, we can do it, we're making progress, but it is going to cost the consumer a lot of money and it is going to require a change in lifestyle. When you put that proposition to the public, you might see some consumer resistance.
Fiona Bruce[0:36:42] The man there.
AudienceMember 20211111QT11[0:36:44] Good evening. The cost to the consumer, the general public, but what about the actual politicians that are attending this conference? They're flying from all over the world. The American President landed on Air Force One. He had many limousines to take him to the actual conference. How is that helping climate change?
AudienceMember 20211111QT12[0:37:12] It doesn't and it's disgusting and the conference should have been as virtual as possible. This is my point. Politicians are going to ask us to make significant sacrifices in the next few years. If they are still flying to a climate conference -- by the way, in the middle of a pandemic -- that looks absolutely appalling. I guess that fish gotta swim and the rich got to fly, but if they are trying to persuade us, ordinary people, to adjust our lifestyles to meet their ambitions, it is about time they started to do it as well.Paul Polman[1:05:38] In the US we have been very strong in rallying the CEO's together to rally when democracy was undermined on 6 January, when a President makes racial remarks, or whether there are remarks against communities. If we don't speak up against people that have these type of opinions that undermine the basic values of humanity, we move the boundaries in a very dangerous way. If you are a CEO of a company or in any position of power, society actually expects you to speak up. And this is difficult for some people. They tend to take the safe route or the easy way out or to keep silent. That's not acceptable, in my opinion, when it gets to these fundamental issues of dignity and respect, equity, compassion, that really are at the roots of making humanity function.Fiona Bruce[0:57:34] Paul.
Paul Polman[0:57:36] I agree with most of this. In 2014, the International Energy Agency was saying the electric vehicles would be at the same cost as the combustion engine by 2050. We're getting to that in 2024/25. 60 percent of the energy can now be done green at a cheaper cost than the fossil fuel if we just put the right policies in place. In the world we still have 500 billion against fossil fuel. Many governments have put more money to the fossil economy than to the green economy. It doesn't have to cost more money. That is just a fallacy. By the way, when we invented the light bulb, it didn't work right away either. When we invented the computer, it didn't last more than one minute, you had to recharge them. We are well beyond that. Coming to the people itself, everything we do is not because of climate change, it is to ensure that everybody can have a decent life. We're doing this for inclusion. We're doing this for climate justice, equity and respect. So when we put a policy in place, like carbon pricing, which is absolutely needed, we should put the money we get from carbon pricing and be sure that the people who haven't seen their income move up in the last 3 or 4 decades don't have to pay a penny more but are better off so we don't have the yellow jackets in the street.AudienceMember 20211111QT19[0:53:14] A friend of mine has an electric car and suffers very regularly with juice anxiety.Fiona Bruce[0:53:28] Juice anxiety?AudienceMember 20211111QT20[0:53:30] Juice anxiety. It's a thing.Fiona Bruce[0:53:32] It is not getting any better, saying it twice.AudienceMember 20211111QT21[0:53:34] He drives around and I have had a late night call saying "Can I come to your house and charge my car on the plug because I may not be able to get back home". The charging units are out of order. There might be somebody in the unit charging their car, having a coffee, and he is waiting. So I don't think in this area there is enough chargers. I would love an electric car, but I don't want to suffer right now with juice anxiety.Fiona Bruce[0:54:00] Tim.Tim Stanley[0:54:04] Especially if you had to take someone to hospital or in an emergency go a long distance. This comes back to my point about the gap between ambitions and where we are, the affordability. If we all tomorrow ran out and bought an electric car, which we couldn't afford to do, how would we charge them? We'd run it off the grid. If we all switched from petrol to electrification, where is that going to come from? So the infrastructure also has to catch up in order to match our ambitions.Paul Polman[0:48:26] What we see now for a chance is we have enough responsible actions coming up that are making net zero pledges, are starting to implement it and, in fact, are the ones pushing the government now to the higher ambitions that we absolutely need. Ultimately, the proof of the pudding is in the eating but many people will be watching. This is not something that are empty words anymore. It's too late for that. I have children, I have grandchildren. That's why I'm here.Fiona Bruce[0:48:58] We have another question related to this subject. Let's hear it from Martin.AudienceMember 20211111QT17[0:49:04] How can people afford to be able to change to heat pump systems and electric cars, given the cost of these things?Fiona Bruce[0:49:14] This comes right to the heart of what you were talking about, Tim, and Caroline. Paul Scully, let's start with you. How can people afford to do this?Paul Scully[0:49:24] Let's take the heat pumps, £5,000 subsidy grant towards putting them in but you don't have to put them in now. As Emily described it, it is a glide path to 2050. It is when you are replacing your boiler. That's what I meant about driving markets.Fiona Bruce[0:49:44] I'm sorry, just sticking to heat pumps, that was the question. The cost is 7 to 10,000 pounds. The subsidy from the government is 5,000 pounds. Is that enough for you, Martin --Paul Scully[0:50:00] I'm not asking him to put it in tomorrow. Similar power has gone down 89 percent. You start a market, show businesses that government are backing this kind of technology, businesses have the confidence for the next 10, 20, years they can pile in, invest money.Fiona Bruce[1:06:36] Caroline.
AudienceMember 20211111QT23[1:06:38] Paul put it absolutely beautifully. I have little to add. I think the issue of complicity is an important one. Sometimes you think what difference can I make when this is going on and standing up and speaking out and speaking truth and not being complicit is something we can all do, whether it is something we are overhearing on a train or if it is happening in a sports place or anywhere else. So I think there is a responsibility on all of us. I do find the way the Yorkshire cricket club handled this -- the way it dismissed it as not a big deal. I want to give a shout-out to the campaign Hope Not Hate that is standing up for this, running a campaign right now about getting racism out of sport, out of British life altogether.Paul Polman
[0:23:50] So for individual companies to pay for very specific tasks to be done is something that I think might have been accepted in the public eye a few years ago but should be looked at now in the world that we live in currently. My advice to companies would be, who actually pay that money, you're as much part of this problem that we're discussing as the people here that are being talked about. A trust items on foot, leaves on horseback. I think in this case the horses were out, and that's regrettable. It would be good to provide laws that were broader to cover this.

AudienceMember 20211111QT07
[0:24:36] I would like to decide when the government decided this process needed review. Was it because of Mr Paterson or is it because the process needs review? Either way, as the gentlemen just said, once you committed something under one set of rules, you shouldn't suddenly change them. Change the rules, by all means, but do that because you need to change them, not because one of your mates has got a problem. [ DONE]

Emily Thornberry
[0:25:04] There has been a slow burn on this. You can see a pattern of behaviour in relation to this government, particularly in relation to the Prime Minister. He won't answer questions straightforwardly about how his flat at No. 10 was redecorated, who paid for his holiday in Mustique. There were his junior ministers. We heard about the Home Secretary. Where there are breaches on the face of it on the rules, nothing seems to happen.
Fiona Bruce[1:03:12] Paul Scully, looking at this in the light of day, the findings have yet to be revealed in full, it does seem baffling. What do you think is going on here?
Paul Scully[1:03:26] I couldn't tell you. I'm someone of south Asian heritage, my father was Belize. I'm peal skinned, I had those words thrown at me at school.
Fiona Bruce[1:03:40] How --
Paul Scully[1:03:44] I shrugged it off as banter. It was someone there. I'm not saying it as someone who had it as bad --
Emily Thornberry[1:03:56] Did you think it was banter at the time?
Paul Scully[1:04:00] As I was getting older, I sensed it more. What you find is that it was always wrong. It's thrown around -- I mean, to suit people of dark coloured skin, in the 70s, for example, a Bangladeshi being called that name. They had just gone through a civil war. And, you know, with the -- these other countries. Dividing it in that way is terrible. Coming forward now, no, it is absolutely not right. It cannot be called banter, it must be called out and we must do more to be sure it is being called out.Fiona Bruce[1:01:10] I'm going to explain what the term is. I don't need to cause offence. It is the P word, spelled P-A-K-I. He found it hugely offensive.Tim Stanley[1:01:26] It is hugely offensive. It was always hugely offensive. Sometimes when people use the banter defence, they mean "I saw it used on a 70s sitcom". People use it all the time. I haven't caught up and I didn't know. Actually, all that sort of language was considered offensive to tell the truth because it was offensive because it is derogatory. There's no possible explanation for it. I'm not astonished the language is being used, I'm astonished such an august institution like that, critical to English sport, would behave in such a way. The answer to your question is no. Never.Emily Thornberry[1:02:14] I don't think I have a great deal more to add apart from this, which is British kids whose heritage is from the -- south Asia, are very often really, really keen on cricket. You see loads of kids of Asian heritage playing cricket. For a cricket club that is hoping to be, you know, as good as it possibly can be, to alienate huge amounts of talent like that because of racism is alienating those youngsters who should be embraced by the club, just because that's the right thing to do, but also the club is doing a grave injustice because they are not getting these talented kids. To override talent by racism is never going to help anyone.
Paul Scully[1:04:40] I'm glad action is being taken. One of the people is not going to be selected. But we need to do more.
Fiona Bruce[1:04:52] Paul Polman, you don't live here, but I'm thinking in terms of your role as head of Unilever, a massive multi-national company, this must be an issue you have also dealt with.
Paul Polman[1:05:06] You don't need to live in the UK or anywhere, this is a global issue. My daughter-in-law who lives in the UK is from Singapore and she has to deal with this every week. She is a lawyer in London and it is totally intolerable. She deals with it but there is an underlying issue that goes much deeper that I think is in every culture coming up where hate is being spread, where social media doesn't work in our favour, and we have to fight that. If we stay silent, we become complicit.Emily Thornberry[0:51:44] We had a million homes built in the last few years that haven't been properly insulated. They will need to be retro fitted. So we need to be putting much more into heat pumps, of course we do, to make sure people can have them. We need to regulate new homes to make sure they are built properly, we need to put the money into insulation. It is not sexy talking about insulating your loft, but that is the sort of things people need to do. How will anybody, even if they can afford an electric car, what's the point if you can't charge it? People don't want to go halfway up a motorway and run out of electricity. It doesn't work. They are not putting the money into the infrastructure. They are all talk and not doing it sufficiently seriously.
Fiona Bruce[0:52:32] The woman at the back.
AudienceMember 20211111QT18[0:52:34] A lot of this comes to the cost of the person. Being in Eastleigh we're close to an airport and a station which have fantastic ability to get anywhere. But if I wanted to go to Edinburgh, I can't get there for £30 on a flight. If I used the train it would be well over £100. I want to drive to be green, but that choice is taken away from me. The same is I would love to have an electric car but I live in a terraced house.Emily Thornberry
[0:45:20] Yes, we need to have proper commitments from countries where they mean it and whenever we have international meetings we sit down and say how is your plan? How are you getting on with it and people are held to account. Yes, we need to spread responsibility to other companies. It may be that British companies in Britain or perhaps Dutch companies, you know, when they are working in places where there's a lot of regulation, where there's a good media, they may be behaving in a way that they can hold their heads up high, but some of those companies are behaving well once they get out of Europe, away from the media, where there are governments that can't or don't regulate or whatever it is, and those companies in those countries are behaving in a blatantly irresponsible way. What we need to do is be looking carefully at our supply chains, regulate them properly, have a proper vision so we can keep control over the way some companies are behaving around the world.

Fiona Bruce
[0:46:20] Paul Polman, let me come back to you. You're not head of Unilever anymore but I know you talked a lot about corporate responsibility. What is your view about some companies not living up to it?

Paul Polman
[0:46:34] I agree. We are all in this together. The secretary general called It Code Red. We have to all have a long discussion if these commitments are serious or not, but we agreed on a review of that now every two years, the emerging markets are asking for an annual review. I happen to agree with that.
Caroline Lucas[0:11:24] You can't go around changing the rules when you don't like them. That's exactly what this prime minister is doing. It goes much wider, sadly, than just Owen Paterson. This is a Prime Minister who cares nothing for standards or dish and the rule of law. We saw him do something and the rule of law. We saw him do something something similar when he a on the ground partly. He refused to sack prettiy a tell when she was accused of bullying. He himself, of course, is the biggest problem of all.Emily Thornberry[0:15:16] The current process we have is one whereby more than half-of the people on the panel are members of the public. What happened yesterday was the to use that you are majority and sweep away all of that, sweep away all of that do have them make a fundamental change to our constitution and decide they were going to introduce a committee that was going to be dominated by --coronavirus, that was com innate by MPs, not have any members of the chaired by a Conservative so they could do whatever they wanted. That isn't the way we do things in this country. We need to have an independent panel and we have to be very careful that, once all the fuss is gone, they don't try to introduce some skewed system that will allow them to do what they like because they are not above the law. They are not above the law and they should make sure they stick to the rules like everyone else. You cannot, if you are found to have broken the rules, simply decide that you're going to change them. That is not the way you behave in this country.Tim Stanley[0:34:50] Just because a -- because it's target isn't ambitious or it is a long way off. It does matter, of course, it would be better if it were sooner, but because they set the target they are going to develop towards it. We run into two problems. One is that the developing world is not going to wish to give up growth that the developed world has enjoyed. So we have to find some way of handling that. An example is the disappointing statement by Indonesia on deforestation, where it said it would be unfair to expect us to keep to these limits. When rich countries have developed so fast, why should they limit themselves? So it may be the West has to spend more money to assist those countries to go to net zero. The second problem we come up against is internal. It is to do the cost of us at home of going green. It was notable that Joe Biden is trying to persuade OPEC to increase production of oil. That's not a good look. There is currently a gulf, a gap between our ambition of where we want to be in Britain and where the technology is. It's not there yet. It has not been developed, it is not quite cheap enough. How do we meet that gap between our ambition and where the technology is?Caroline Lucas[0:11:56] I have tried myself to find out how you hold the prime minister to account whether he lies, repeatedly. Let's be very clear this is a prime minister who lies repeatedly, systematically. The problem is the Judge, jury and courted is all the prime minister. There's no way of holding him to account. This is a bigger problem than Owen Paterson. I'm glad he resigned. It was grotesque to watch Parliament yesterday to see how all thetory MPs were criteria goodness into supporting this amount. I'm not sure what Paul Scully Paul Scully will think of it, but vote for it. It is extraordinary to see how people can be persuaded for something that is so manifestly wrong. So, yes, Tory liaise is back and idle a bad look.Caroline Lucas[0:56:04] Someone mentioned COVID. If you look at how much the government has spent paying people to be on furlough, that's about 100 billion a year. That has put the economy on ice but it hasn't achieved anything very positive beyond making sure that people could keep going. If we put that money, that kind of money into the transition to a green economy, it would create many, many jobs. It would begin to pay for itself as those jobs raise the taxes that go back to the Treasury. We can do this. I think what is so frustrating, look at some of the countries in Europe who are already working out mass transit, public transport schemes, we should have a vision that isn't looking at petrol cars and thinking how do we replace all of those with electric cars because the building of cars is energy-intensive. We need more manualisation among public transport schemes. The person at the back was saying she would love to use the train but it is more expensive than flying. That is a policy choice the government made. It could make a different choice. It could tax the fuel domestically and make transport more affordable. We know how to do this stuff. What we need to do is a prime minister who isn't giving the green light to a coal mine, isn't planning £27 billion on the biggest road ever, but is serious about investing in the economy.Paul Polman[0:59:22] If the government look at it holistically, 90 or 100 percent of these can be solved. It is the same for business. We should stop competing with each other on the future of humanity, include in politics, and start working together like adults on these things for the benefit of mankind. We have the technology. We know what we have to do, and we don't have time.Fiona Bruce[0:59:50] Paul, thank you. I'm going to move on. We could talk about climate change all evening, it is a massive topic, hugely important. There's another question a lot of you submitted this evening. I'm just picking one of them.AudienceMember 20211111QT22[1:00:06] Can a racist term ever be defined as banter?Fiona Bruce[1:00:10] What you are talking about here is the furore there's been over Azeem Rafiq who claims he was subjected to institutional racism at his club, and he clearly feels that this has not been handled properly and Yorkshire has carried out its own investigation, ruled no disciplinary action would take place, called it banter. Tim.Tim Stanley[1:00:44] The answer is no. There's nothing else to say. I don't see how the club can explain its decision to not take further action other than, I suppose, hypothetically, perhaps, there was a reluctance to do something that might damage the career of a star player. I don't know. But that's purely speculative. No, that particular term is totally unacceptable.Audience Member 20211028QT01[00:01:26] Thank you, Fiona. In light of UK-wide COVID cases remaining significantly high and deaths consistently averaging over 100 per day, should the governments reimpose more restrictions to prevent a winter wave?

Fiona Bruce[00:01:43] Andrew, more restrictions, should the government impose them, given how infections are rising?

Andrew Bowie[00:01:49] Well, thanks for the question. Obviously the rise of infections is something that is concerning the government. They continue to watch the data and continue to look at the trajectory on which we're headed.Andrew Bowie[00:03:17] Well, yes, people are being critical of the government benches for Conservative Party members of Parliament predominately for not wearing masks. I would suggest that over the summer and the first weeks of autumn the situation looked very different out there. But as Sajid Javid, the Health Secretary, said yesterday, we've got to recognise that we have a responsibility to set the tone and to set an example. And so I was encouraged today when I saw the television that a lot more of my colleagues were wearing masks in the Commons. Andrew Bowie[00:01:59] But we're very clear that the best way to beat this virus and to beat it back into submission, to allow the country to get on with its normal life, is to continue with the vaccine rollout and encourage everybody out there who's entitled to a booster vaccine to get that jab as soon as possible. If you haven't had the first jab, you haven't had the second jab, or you're entitled to the booster, please get it. And if you know a friend or a family member who's maybe reading something online about how the vaccine is harmful to their health, please have a word with them. Encourage them that the best way that they can protect themselves and their friends and family is to go out and get the vaccine.Fiona Bruce[00:02:34] And what about all the people who are saying they're trying to get a vaccine and they couldn't get one, either because they couldn't get one through their GP or on the NHS app? Only yesterday, when I had a look to see if I could book one, it was saying only frontline healthcare workers. That has changed, but just today.
Andrew Bowie[00:02:48] That has changed today. We're taking steps…
Fiona Bruce[00:02:49]Just for the booster of course.Andrew Bowie
[00:03:40] I certainly will be now, given the numbers that we're seeing, because I think we do have an example to lead this country and to demonstrate that taking sensible small steps, like wearing masks in crowded places, can have a big difference. But the biggest difference is getting the vaccine and getting the booster if you're able.

Fiona Bruce
[00:04:03] So, Brian, the UK recorded more than 50,000 COVID infections today. That's for the first time since July. The question is, should governments reimpose more restrictions? What's your view?
Brian Cox[00:04:13] I think it's a mess. It's an absolute mess. I think the left hand doesn't really know what the right hand's doing on this. And clearly, I love the idea of normal life and we aren't living a normal life. What is normal life? It's certainly not like that at the moment and it's not going to be like that, whatever that may mean, eventually. But I feel that we do need to be vaccinated. We do need to be responsible. I think Scotland, I have to say, is a very good example of what's going on. I think in the south, there's a lot of headless chicken activity, quite frankly. And it's interesting that the Conservative Party are finally catching up and now they're all wearing masks, but they should have been wearing masks all the time as an example. And it's the example that's important for the people. That's what Parliament is supposed to do, they're supposed to represent the people and the needs of the people. And so the masks are terribly important, they really are. I mean, I've had COVID, I know what it's like. In fact, in my case, it wasn't too bad, but at the same time I just feel that we are a bit lax and we don't quite know what we want to do, what we're supposed to do. And I think we just have to be a little stringent in our whole policy on masks particularly.Andrew Bowie[00:02:51] This is the booster. That has changed. We're taking steps to make the booster much more easily available to all those people who need it. But as I've said, the vaccine is our way through this. The vaccine is our route back to normality, and nobody wants to see a reimposition of any of the restrictions that we had a year and a half ago. Of course people should take sensible steps, that includes wearing a mask in crowded places, that includes keeping good…
Fiona Bruce[00:03:13] The House of Commons?
Andrew Bowie[00:03:14] Yes, so, I mean, people have been…
Fiona Bruce[00:03:15] Yes?Fiona Bruce[00:16:01] Okay. This woman here in the front with the black t-shirt.

Audience Member 20211028QT12 [00:16:04] People are taking lateral flow tests, they're going to concerts having seen they're negative, but that depends on the person because you're answering your own question. So once you take that test, you're asked, are you negative or positive? So if that person's not truthful, they can say they're negative, go to a concert and pass it on. There's no protection. 

Fiona Bruce[00:16:30] We've got a number of questions to get through tonight so I'm going to move on. Before I do, I just want to tell you that next week we will be in Stockport with the entrepreneur and former Dragon's Den investor Jenny Campbell. And chairman of NatWest and former deputy governor of the Bank of England, Howard Davis. And the following week we're in Eastleigh, so do come along and join the debate. You can be in the audience now, it will be great to see you, so do apply. You can apply on our Question Time website and you follow the link there. So Stockport next week, Eastleigh the week after, and we would love to 
Fiona Bruce[00:18:00] Right, well, I'm sorry to hear that you feel more unsafe because that is not a position anyone or any woman wants to be in or to feel. Heather, I'm asking you obviously in terms of your role at Heriot-Watt University, when you hear someone like Ingrid saying something like this.Heather McGregor[00:18:13] I know. Ingrid, I really feel for you and nobody, as Fiona just said, nobody should feel like that. Fiona Bruce[00:18:21]But what can be done? I mean, that's the question.Heather McGregor[00:18:23] Yeah, and what can be done about it? Well, first of all, this is happening in clubs mainly. It's happening in big nightclubs, in crowded clubs, and I think that the venue owners and the venue managers should have a duty of care towards their customers. And I applaud the people that are boycotting some of these places because of this, because they haven't got a duty of care. Now I have thousands of young people under my care and we have a duty of care towards them. Anas Sarwar[00:09:29] And I'm sorry, Scotland should aspire better than just being a wee bit better than Boris Johnson and Jacob Rees-Mogg. The idea that 12,000 of our fellow citizens have lost their lives to this crisis, a third of those deaths have happened in care homes. We were sending COVID positive patients into care homes in Scotland, sending the virus…Fiona Bruce[00:09:51] So what would your plan be now, Anas?Anas Sarwar[00:09:52]Sending the virus to the very communities that are most vulnerable.Fiona Bruce[00:09:54] What would your plan be now? Is Labour supporting moving to plan B?Anas Sarwar[00:09:58] So I think…Fiona Bruce[00:09:59] Kier Starmer doesn't appear…Anas Sarwar[00:10:00] I think plan B in itself is a recognition of a failure of plan A and I think the government's got to get its plan right.Andrew Bowie[00:10:05] Would labour support moving to that?Anas Sarwar[00:10:06] And that means getting a coherent strategy, it means getting Test and Protect right. So we have Test and Protect here in Scotland, you have Test and Trace in Scotland, a similar system, just a different title. Tracing people properly is really important. We're still not getting testing right across the country so we can isolate the virus, to stop people getting the virus.rus.
Part 14Fiona Bruce[00:11:15] There are lots of hands up, so, Heather, I'll come to you in a second, forgive me. I'm just going to get round the audience a little bit. Yes, the woman there in the black and white skirt.Audience Member 20211028QT05[00:11:20] Hi, I hear what you're saying about the vaccines and about masks are trying to prevent getting COVID. However, at the moment many people have COVID. They're phoning 111, they're phoning their GP, the GP's saying phone 111. They're on the phone for at least an hour to get through to a numerous people while they're ill on the phone. The services at the moment are not fit for purpose, they're not set up. People are waiting outside to get into hospitals. It really is a bad time at the moment if you have COVID. So what is the government doing knowing that we're actually going to get worse, because we're not set up?Fiona Bruce[00:11:58] The man in the stripy top with the glasses.Audience Member 20211028QT06[00:12:00] Do you think having 30,000 people descending Glasgow for COP26 is the right thing to do in this situation?Fiona Bruce[00:12:07]The woman in the red sweater.Fiona Bruce[00:08:27] So you've got masks, you've got vaccination passports, but they're still not dropping. So what do you think you can do as Scottish Government to drive them down?
Kate Forbes[00:08:33] I think there are a few things that we can continue to do. I mean, over 30 people died today from COVID. That's 30 families who are grieving the loss of a loved one. That is 30 people who we want to ensure can get the recognition they deserve and the hope that we can reemphasise the need for all of us to follow basic precautions. And the basic restrictions that are in place just now are all designed to keep us safe, and it's the least we can do, for the sake of the NHS, the sake of our nurses, and, ultimately, to protect lives.
Fiona Bruce[00:09:09] Anas.
Anas Sarwar[00:09:09] Look, I think it's important to recognise that across the UK cases are too high. I think it's also important to recognise that Scotland had a spike three or four weeks earlier and that's partly related to the fact that our schools went back three weeks earlier than the English schools. So I think we've got to look at the pattern alongside that. But there have been fundamental errors made by a UK government, but also fundamental errors made by a Scottish Government.Fiona Bruce
[00:05:45] Okay, lots of hands up. The man in the glasses.

Audience Member 20211028QT02
 [00:05:48] Thank you. Andy, with the greatest of respect, you're saying Sajid Javid has made these comments, but the leader of the house openly said today…

Fiona Bruce
[00:05:56]
This is Jacob Rees-Mogg we're talking about?

Audience Member 20211028QT03
[00:05:58] Yes, he said that Tory MPs don't need to wear masks because you all know each other. Now I am a nurse who qualified and started at the very beginning of the pandemic, a real lived experience of what it's been like for patients and families. And also my colleagues, who have worked until they are burnt-out during this COVID crisis. But also our government aren't doing the best either, if I'm honest. 


Audience Member 20211028QT04
[00:06:10] You're talking, Brian, that Scotland's doing so much better, but our government, we're now having to deploy the military because of the large numbers of nursing vacancies in Scotland. 

So what is the government going to do to tackle that? We're about to come into the winter where everyone has been shielding, we've got massive amounts of colds and flu on top of COVID, and, yes, vaccines are great, but the NHS is bleeding.
Part 15
Audience Member 20211028QT07
 [00:12:10] As someone who works in education, I feel like it was disrespectful for us to be the only ones in category one keyworkers that were not offered the vaccination. We were in hubs the entire time. We have gone back to full capacity since last August. Some of our staff still aren't vaccinated because of our age, despite the fact we are frontline, kind of. And the children I work with don't even have to be tested. Those children can be symptomatic and still come to nursery because they don't have to be tested. How is that protecting us?

Fiona Bruce
[00:12:44] So you're talking about staff under 18 then, are you?

Audience Member 20211028QT08
 [00:12:48] Yeah, we have modern apprentices.

Fiona Bruce
[00:12:50] Right, I see what you mean. The man in the pink top.

Anas Sarwar
And also teaching staff is a really important point. Teaching staff, so if we accept that part of the spike is related to schools going back and schools being hubs about spreading the virus, actually the teaching staff not getting rapid access to the booster programme and the second dose is part of the problem and puts greater risk on those frontline staff. So the lady is absolutely right and I hope England can learn from that mistake, now that their schools are going back, that we made here in Scotland. 
Audience Member 20211028QT13[00:17:02] What is being done to protect women with the reported increase of spiking, including by injection, across Scotland the UK?
Fiona Bruce[00:17:10] So this is… Ingrid, you're referring to a number of reports that have come, certainly from Scotland, and across other parts of the UK. I'm thinking of Nottingham and Leeds, where women are reporting having been spiked with needles in nightclubs and then blacking out. Also women have reported having their drinks spiked, so tampered with before that. Is this something that's worrying you, Ingrid?
Audience Member 20211028QT14 [00:17:33] I have genuinely never felt more unsafe to be a woman going out and about. I've always been a bit worried about getting my drink spiked, but I just don't think that anyone would look after me if it did, like staff members and bouncers in particular. They just seem to take you out of the club and get you a bit far enough away and leave you.
Fiona Bruce[00:17:56] Or they just think you're drunk and get you out.
Audience Member 20211028QT15 [00:17:59] Yeah.Kate Forbes
[00:20:10] But there's something else that we need that's perhaps even more important than legislation, and that is a cultural change. Police Scotland recently produced a hugely powerful video aimed at men who are… I have a lot of men in my life who I love dearly, my father, my husband, but men need to be in a position to be empowered, to call out other men who are not behaving as they should be behaving. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:20:37] The woman with the scarf.

Audience Member 20211028QT16
[00:20:41] I think that there's a wider debate. I think it's important that prevention should be seen rather than a cure and legislation won't solve everything. I think that people need to be aware of what children and what boys are being exposed to on the internet and that what is acceptable and how people should be treated equally and why women have to be fearful of what they're actually…where they're going and if they can go out clubbing. Whereas actually it's the perpetrators and the focus should be on them and on educating them, that this is not acceptable and it will need to change. And that people will stand up and say, no, this isn't just part of society and that girls need to be careful. It's the people who are taking part and doing this that need to be called out.
Heather McGregor[00:18:43] One and a half thousand of them are actually living on campus alongside me and we have a 24-hour app. I'm sure those of you in the audience who were students will know exactly what I mean. If anything happens, 24/7, seven days a week, you just press the app and somebody will come to you. We run a central security service that will do that. And that is the kind of thing that I think needs to happen. These venues have to take the responsibility for the people that they have on the premises. They are after all handing over money and I think that they need to exercise a duty of care.
Fiona Bruce[00:19:26] Kate, what can be done?
Kate Forbes[00:19:28] Well, I would like to think that I could classify myself as a young woman in much the same shoes as you are and I understand that fear as I think so many woman, not just in Scotland, across the UK and beyond, understand that fear. And I think from my perspective, there are three things that I would say. That, one, legislation is really important but it's never enough. You can have the legislation, but there are two other things you need. You need rigid enforcement of that legislation. And I know that Police Scotland are doing a lot of work right now to get to the bottom of those reports. Fiona Bruce[00:13:14] Heather, let me bring you in now. Should governments reimpose more restrictions to prevent a winter wave?
Heather McGregor[00:13:18] Personally, I would like less restrictions, actually, because I'm sitting here in a room with 60 people in a university lecture theatre. I'm not allowed to do that at the moment, actually, at work. I can't teach a class of more than 50 people. This would not be allowed. And what I would like to see is all of the correct precautions that we're taking in Scotland, I think are very good, masks in public places, we enforce that everywhere in the university. But unlike in England, we are not allowed to teach people in larger groups yet, even with social distancing. And so I would like to see that change. You've got to remember that education in Scotland, Higher Education in Scotland, it generates millions and millions of pounds and lots and lots of jobs. And so we have people coming from all over the world who actually this time have come back to Scotland, they've chosen to study in Scotland, and they can't actually come to class because we don't at the moment have the same rules as England. But this virus is with us, as was said by Brian. This is going to be not normal life again forever. We are going to have to live with this for the rest of our lives. We need to find a way to work with it, and I for one would welcome fewer restrictions.Fiona Bruce[00:06:44] Kate.
Kate Forbes[00:06:51] The answer to Allan's original question is that the British Medical Association thinks that the answer is yes. With Sajid Javid talking about cases potentially rising to 100,000, now is the time to implement plan B. Now let's be clear what plan B is. Plan B is a lot of the things that are already in place in Scotland. It's things as basic as wearing masks in certain situations. Andrew has just alluded to the fact that he would support the wearing of masks, and I'm not one to tell UK Government what to do, but why on something as basic as wearing masks, it's not particularly onerous. It's not the most pleasant of things, but I'd far rather we saw an implementation of basic things like that than to resume restrictions. None of us want to see significant restrictions on our lives.
Fiona Bruce[00:07:36] And what about the points that the man's making in the glasses here?Audience Member 20211028QT22 [00:25:38] Gender-based violence doesn't just happen to women. Mr Sarwar, again you mentioned misogyny. Do you know what the male equivalent is of misogyny? It's misandry. There is actually a word for it. I appreciate that violence against women is horrendous, it's on the rise, and it's terrible.Fiona Bruce[00:26:05] And is the greater part.Audience Member 20211028QT23 [00:26:07] And it is the greater part. But we shouldn't forget that it does happen to men as well. Men get their drinks spiked, men get jabbed, and I think it would be a mistake to focus completely only on female… If we talk about gender violence and we only ever talk about women, we forget that it happens to men.Fiona Bruce[00:26:31] Okay, the woman here in the blue dress.Audience Member 20211028QT24 [00:26:34] Hi, I'm a former police inspector, having served in Scotland and down in the Met and County Forces, and I just want to look at some of the aspects of what the panel have been saying about this. First of all, we need to gather intelligence, and if we don't get people coming forward, male or female, coming forwad and talking to the police, allowing themselves to be forensically examined, because we don't know what type of people it is. Andrew Bowie
[00:29:15] This is a culture change, a shift that we need in this country. We need to educate men into the dangers that women face going out, that they shouldn't face. As Anas said, you shouldn't be afraid to go about your business, go on a night out and feel scared to go home or feel scared to ask a policeman for help, or whatever it is. And so we do need a culture shift. 

We should also be clear that these men who are going into clubs and spiking these drinks, or using hypodermic needles, or EpiPens, as you suggest, these are vile, pernicious individuals who are going to take advantage of young vulnerable women and they should get everything thrown at them that we can throw at them in this country. But yes, we need an education shift, we need a culture shift, and we, as men, to be much more aware of the dangers that so many women in this country feel that they face going about their daily business. 

Fiona Bruce
[00:29:54] Okay, I'm going to take another question from Dan Law. Dan, where are you?
Kate Forbes[00:07:40] And I think the gentleman makes a really important point. We are about to go into winter, it's pretty cold already, we are seeing the fact that the NHS has remobilised, so it's dealing with normal cases, as it were. And if there is a significant increase in cases, then that will add pressure. Now what we are seeing…
Fiona Bruce[00:07:57] So what's your plan B for that then?
Kate Forbes[00:07:58] Well, what we're seeing in Scotland is over the last four weeks that case numbers have fallen. So although they are plateauing…
Brian Cox[00:08:04]They was very high before that.
Fiona Bruce[00:08:05] They are plateauing?
Kate Forbes[00:08:06] Indeed, and they are falling just now. We want to continue that trajectory, and the way we do that is…
Fiona Bruce[00:08:11] But just to be clear, the plateauing infections have flattened?
Kate Forbes[00:08:14] But they are falling. Right now, we want to see them continue to fall, we want to see case numbers in Scotland continue to fall.
Fiona Bruce 
[00:08:20] They have fallen. I'm really sorry, they have fallen but now they're plateauing?
Kate Forbes[00:08:23] They're plateauing, that's what I said.
Fiona Bruce[00:08:24] Yes, just so we're clear.
Kate Forbes[00:08:25] Yes.Fiona Bruce
[00:10:25] So I'm not clear. So would you introduce plan B now?

Anas Sarwar
No, I would invest in Test and Protect, I would get the vaccine rollout ramped up. We know who's not vaccinated, we know where they live, we should be looking at door to door vaccinations. We should be looking at pop-up vaccination centres.

Kate Forbes
[00:10:39] But plan B is as basic as wearing a mask. 

Anas Sarwar
[00:10:42] Including wearing masks.

Kate Forbes
[00:10:40] Plan B is as basic as wearing a mask.

Anas Sarwar
[00:10:42] But I think it has to be more than just wearing a mask. So, yes, a mask is important, and, yes, leadership matters. So seeing parliamentarians giving lectures to the public about wearing a mask and then not wearing a mask themselves in parliament sends a very negative message. So show leadership yourself, have a strategy, and also, in Scotland, don't waste our time creating a vaccine passport scheme that doesn't work, that is a distraction…

Kate Forbes
[00:11:05] Having a vaccine plan B in England, that is part of the plan B in England.

Anas Sarwar
[00:11:07] And instead focus on investing in Test and Trace and getting testing right and getting vaccinations right across the country.
Brian Cox[00:23:37] And I feel that we're not looking at that because we know that people are going to behave in a certain way and that's terrible, it's just dreadful. I mean, I couldn't believe it when I heard today about the needle, and I'm thinking… And these lasses having to wear these thick coats in order to protect themselves. But I'm thinking, where is this drug and how are they getting it? And I think we also have to look at that and nobody's actually talked about that. Nobody's actually talked about what the drug is and the accessibility of the drug. And I think if you can talk about…if you can start to go down that route, apart from the obvious other routes, then perhaps we'll begin to understand what it is that's going on.Fiona Bruce[00:24:24] So look at the toxicology of it perhaps.Brian Cox[00:24:25] Yes, absolutely.Fiona Bruce[00:24:27] Anas.Anas Sarwar[00:24:26] I think Kate's right, it's about legislation, but more importantly, it's about culture, and we passed a Hate Crime bill in the last parliament but we didn't include the largest hate crime, which is sexism and misogyny in that Hate Crime bill, which I think was an absolute failure. And I think that's something that should be corrected. Part 28Audience Member 20211028QT25[00:27:00] Because I'm sitting here and thinking it could be a EpiPen, because an EpiPen is far easier to disguise and use. But we need to do the toxicology and find out what it is. So we need to do this intelligence gathering. When it comes to evidence and trying to find out who the perpetrators are, that is a tremendously difficult aspect. Because if you talk to the CPS or you talk to procurator fiscal, the evidence has got to be there where you've got an opportunity of taking something to court. Is there a realistic prospect of a prosecution being successful? And we hear so often about sexual assaults that are not successful at court, and that's one of the reasons why, because gathering the evidence is so difficult. So where does that leave Police Scotland and all the other 43 forces in the country? It leaves them thinking about, how can we use things that we've used before to support people who want to come and report things? Relatives of people who want to come and say something is not right about this. And the intelligence format is so important in that respect, otherwise, we might never ever get to the bottom of this.Fiona Bruce[00:21:31] The man in the blue shirt.Audience Member 20211028QT17 [00:21:34] I'm a Glasgow taxi driver and I've been picking up girls like this for years, actually.Fiona Bruce[00:21:39] When you say girls like this, what do you mean?Audience Member 20211028QT18 [00:21:41] Well, for instance, I picked up a lady who's married with a couple of kids, who was out with her friends for a couple of drinks. When I pick her up, she's coming from a house at half past five in the morning, she doesn't know how she got there. She knows the people but she's married with two kids, and how did does she explain it to her husband? She refuses to go to the police because of that. It's been going on for years.Fiona Bruce[00:22:07] Oh, I see, so you're saying that her drink had been spiked or she'd been interfered with in some way?Audience Member 20211028QT19 [00:22:12] Yeah, they were spiking drinks for years, what was going on. Not the jabs, but the spiking drinks has been going on for years. I think actually the only way to stop it is to introduce maybe the equivalent of if someone's got a knife, you know. If someone is using that, they should be looking at a prison sentence maybe for a year or 18 months. That would nip it in the bud and that would actually send a signal to these guys. We're too soft.Kate Forbes[00:31:07] It was jaw-dropping, indeed. A lot of jaws dropped in the North East. Whether or not they support me and my party, there was a lot of surprise. Now opportunities like that…
Fiona Bruce[00:31:16] But what about in terms of the domestic oil industry? If you've got a legally binding target, which you have, to achieve net zero emissions by 2045, when do you envisage phasing out the domestic oil industry?
Kate Forbes[00:31:29] So this is my point, that with a just transition, there are opportunities to create new jobs when it comes to that phasing out and the carbon capture and storage in the North East is a great example. You've got the infrastructure there from the oil and gas industry, you've got the skills there, you've got a lot of the investment there. Now if you take that and redeploy that through something like carbon capture and storage, with the investment behind it, the key is you need the investment behind it. Then you are creating jobs as we make that just transition.Anas Sarwar[00:24:41]But I think there's a more fundamental point here. Yes, the spiking is horrific and we've got to take the urgent and immediate action to address it. But let's be honest about this. Every single day there are women in our country who have to think twice before they walk down certain streets, who have to look over their shoulder when they're out on a Friday or a Saturday night. Who have to doublecheck their charge in their battery. Who have to think about how they travel to and from places. And so we've got to address that fundamental issue. And for those that think the answer to this is women thinking about how they change their behaviour, I'm sorry, frankly that's wrong. Men need to think about how they change their behaviour because we should not be living in a society where any human being, regardless of their gender or their faith or their sexuality, has to think twice about where they go. And that's sad. The sad reality of the Scotland and the UK we live in right now, we've got to fundamentally change it.
Fiona Bruce[00:25:36] The woman there in the black sweater.Brian Cox[00:35:27] The great thing about our country is we are the particular and we are small and we can actually take those, we can make those sacrifices, because, ultimately, we can afford it.

Fiona Bruce[00:35:33] So phasing out the oil industry.

Brian Cox[00:35:34] Yeah.

Andrew Bowie[00:35:35] But we only make those advances in technology through private investment and private funding. And you just have to look at the work that's being done by companies in the North East, in Aberdeen, in these brand-new technologies that are coming on stream and are really going to power our way towards net zero in 2050, to driving down our carbon emissions. And by the way, the UK has got a very good story to play. We're leading the G20 in terms of cutting our carbon.

Brian Cox[00:35:58] But we have to do better.

Andrew Bowie[00:35:59] I agree with you, we do have to better.

Brian Cox[00:36:01] We have to do better.

Andrew Bowie[00:36:02] And it's not a party political game, you're absolutely right.Fiona Bruce[00:28:14] Andrew, what is being done to protect women with a reported increase of spiking across the UK?
Andrew Bowie[00:28:22] Well, firstly, it's absolutely horrific, the stories that are coming out over the last few days, and I pay huge tribute to… I think it's at the University of Edinburgh, the girls' night in campaign who are boycotting venues to sort of shine a light on this. I feel a great sense of… Well, I feel quite ashamed, actually, in the same way that I felt ashamed after the tragic murder of Sarah Everard. So many of my female friends and family members tell stories: oh yeah, I felt uncomfortable walking home one night a few weeks ago. And as a man, I just had no idea that there was this…
Fiona Bruce[00:28:56] How was it possible that you had no idea?
Andrew Bowie[00:28:58] Well, because so many of them were just, for whatever, so ashamed to talk about it. They didn't go to the police, they didn't want to talk about it. They felt stupid talking about it. And I think this is wrong and that's where Kate is absolutely right.Fiona Bruce[00:31:59] Andrew, you're looking very sceptical.
Andrew Bowie[00:32:01] Your partners in government, the Green Party, are against investment in any carbon capture and storage. And your leader Nicola Sturgeon is unable to say whether she supports further exploration and drilling in the North Sea.
Kate Forbes[00:32:11] Andrew, a few months ago…
Andrew Bowie[00:32:12] And we have seen the dangers of not having a domestic supply.
Kate Forbes[00:32:12]…you stood up in the House of Commons talking about the benefits of the North East initiative and project.
Andrew Bowie[00:32:19] Absolutely.
Kate Forbes[00:32:21] This week, the UK government chose to bypass the most advance and cost effective carbon capture and storage opportunity in the UK, which is the North East. The North East economy has contributed over £350 billion of oil revenues over the last few decades. All it would have taken is £1 billion to contribute, to donate, to invest in the North East, to ensure that we do see that just transition from oil and gas to new economic opportunities, and that did not happen.Audience Member 20211028QT26
 [00:30:00] As COP26 approaches, could you tell us in the situation of an independent Scotland, would you put the economy or environment first when choosing what to do with the domestic oil industry?

Fiona Bruce
[00:30:12] Kate.

Kate Forbes
[00:30:15] It doesn't need to be exclusive, I don't think. I don't think it's one or the other. One of the great opportunities over the next three weeks, in my humble opinion, are the economic opportunities that come for Scotland as a result of that just transition. Now, sadly, not all the levers are within Scotland and we saw a decision made this week. One of the greatest opportunities for Scotland was the Acorn Project, carbon capture and storage in the North East, the most well advanced project, the most cost effective project. We were sincerely hoping that the UK government would invest the billion pounds that had been promised. And instead that money is going to projects in England, and I think the BBC reported it as jaw-dropping. Now that could have created several thousand jobs…

Fiona Bruce
[00:31:02] I don't think the BBC would have expressed that opinion, I must… It may have been someone in a BBC report said it was jaw-dropping.
Part 17Fiona Bruce[00:14:28] The man in the pink top at the back.Audience Member 20211028QT09[00:14:30] I've been fortunate enough, I've just come back from Spain and had to be tested. But personally speaking, I think the test we do ourselves at home is a farce. If you were being serious, we would be sent to a National Health testing area, pay for it, I don't mind paying for it, and it was tested by a professional, and then you would know it had been tested correctly. Fiona Bruce[00:14:57] The man there in the green top.Audience Member 20211028QT10 [00:14:59] Anas Sarwar's response to the question is just representative of what Scottish Labour have done over the last few years and have sat on the fence and they've never given you a reason to vote for Scottish Labour.Fiona Bruce[00:15:14] Okay, the woman there in the white t-shirt.Audience Member 20211028QT11[00:15:17] I'm a university student myself, I go to Caledonian, and I really feel for the people who have come all the way here and paid well over £9,000 and stayed here the whole time to have online lectures. I've been in University for three years and I'm in university physically for three hours a week. I don't pay for university, I'm lucky enough I don't, but I've come here from the Netherlands, I've paid my dues, and I'm in university for three hours. And even the online stuff, they're trying really hard, but it's not cutting it. What are the government going to do for university students, because we're really suffering?Heather McGregor[00:42:10]… So you need a strong economy to deliver a strong environment. And I and everybody here, everybody here with a private pension fund for a start should be putting their foot down about where that money is invested, because it needs to be invested for the long, long-term. And you need to be investing now for 30, 40, 50 years away. So personally, I don't think there is a choice to be made between the environment and the economy because you need a very strong environment to support the economy, and you need a very strong economy to support the environment.
Fiona Bruce[00:42:51] I'm going to take another question from [Anmarmal Ansari 00:42:54].Andrew Bowie
[00:32:51] So, Kate, it's the Conservative Government in London that is investing £16 billion in the transition fund to move us into this new renewables future.

Kate Forbes
[00:32:58] Not in the North East.

Andrew Bowie
[00:33:01] Yes, in the North East of Scotland. We've invested in the oil and gas technology Centre in Aberdeen, the Sub-Sea Hub of Excellence, which is going to be created in my constituency. £2.3 billion of tax relief for companies operating out of Aberdeen to make the North Sea the most attractive base in which to invest in the world. And in terms of carbon capture and storage in the Scottish Cluster, in the Acorn project, of course it was disappointing that it didn't achieve tier one status. But it is a reserve cluster, it does mean that it still remains in the programme. And the UK government has spent £31 million already working with the Scottish Cluster and I hope that we can advance the timeframe because we're going to need much more than the two tier one projects if we're going to be serious about developing this technology. 

And I remain committed to working with the UK Government and with the Scottish Cluster to advance it more in the future. Because the Conservative Party is investing and does care about the North East of Scotland, unlike the Scottish National Party Government in Edinburgh.
Anas Sarwar
[00:40:20] The UK government should be doing more in terms of that carbon capture project in the North East, but also the Scottish Government can be doing more. The Scottish Government promised that we would have 130,000 green jobs by 2020, and we've actually only created 21,400 green jobs in Scotland with the powers that we already have. So what we need to do is take the opportunity of COP26, when political leaders, both at home but abroad also, stop talking the rhetoric of climate change and actually turn it into meaningful action so we can change the planet. And that means leading by example. 

That means, when we're talking about integrated public transport, so we can get people that have gas guzzling vehicles, we don't cut routes in Scotland at the same time, meaning that our real workers are going to be going on strike in Glasgow at the very time when international eyes are on us. When we talked about protecting the global environment, it means not cutting the environmental budget here in Glasgow. Many of our cleansing workers are going to be going on strike during COP26. That's an idea of shame and embarrassment for our city and for Scotland and I think we can do frankly better than that.

Audience Member 20211028QT44[00:54:30] Okay. One of the things that I always think that the Scottish Government does is put a plaster over things. There will be funding put into this for about three weeks and then when everyone leaves, when this international event has ended, we'll come back to there's litter everywhere.

Fiona Bruce[00:54:49] Okay, Heather. Sorry, you've literally got about 30 seconds. I'll give you 15 seconds. Go on.

Kate Forbes[00:54:55] I mean, Glasgow has a proud heritage of hosting international events and showcasing the best of Glaswegian hospitality and welcoming people. I think that's what we should be celebrating.

Andrew Bowie[00:55:05] Pay the workers so they don't go on strike.Fiona Bruce[00:41:23] Heather.
Heather McGregor[00:41:25] Well, I think it's very sad…
Fiona Bruce[00:41:27] The economy versus the environment.
Heather McGregor[00:41:28]…that we are focusing on the things that divide us, when actually what we should be focusing on are the things that unite us. And I think every single person in this room would want a better planet and a stronger environment. But in my experience, the way to get that is a strong economy. So it's not an either/or, you have to have one and the other. And actually there are things that we could all do to make that happen, because we're not going to get a stronger environment by working out where the carbon capture goes or using another reusable coffee cup. What will really make the difference is massive innovation. And massive innovation does not happen. It's the kind of stuff that's going on in the labs of universities all over Scotland right now and it doesn't happen without somebody funding it. And it will not be enough for governments to fund it and we need private capital to fund it. Audience Member 20211028QT37 [00:42:56] What, if any, further protections should politicians have in light of the events of last week?Fiona Bruce[00:43:02] Anas.Anas Sarwar[00:43:04] Look, I think the fundamental thing to say is nobody should feel unsafe at work, and certainly no one should be killed at their work regardless of what sector they work in.Fiona Bruce[00:43:15] Have you felt unsafe at work? I know there was an incident when you very first started campaigning.Anas Sarwar[00:43:19] I've had some pretty high profile cases around threats that were left on my office phone, threats have come on YouTube videos, threats that have been sent through the post.Fiona Bruce[00:43:31] And you were punched, weren't you, when you first started campaigning?Anas Sarwar[00:43:34] Yeah, I was punched as a teenager in a racist incident. My earliest political memory is waking up and going out to school and seeing a letter on my front porch and opening it up and there was a picture mocked up of my mother with two…tied to a chair with two guns pointed to her head. And cut out letters saying, bang, bang, that's all it takes. And that was a message from, at that time, Combat 18, who were upset about the fact that we might be on the verge of electing Britain's first Muslim member of parliament, who was my father at the time. So we've seen threats against politicians, we've seen attacks on democracy.Fiona Bruce
[00:36:02] The woman back there in the red top.

Audience Member 20211028QT27
 [00:36:03] Hi, the infrastructure was in place already in Scotland and it just had to be reversed. And once again, I believe Scotland has been overlooked by Westminster in their decision-making and it's one more reason why I would vote independence.

Fiona Bruce
[00:36:24] The woman here in the front.

Audience Member 20211028QT28
 [00:36:26] I would be so proud for there to be an independent Scotland and there's only one thing that I kind of sigh about when it comes to the Scottish Government as it is. And that's we had a perfect set up there for carbon capture, and I do feel we've been overlooked yet again. But animal agriculture is the second biggest cause of climate change, before transport, and not only has the UK government ignored it, but Scottish Government is continuing with that and I think we're too… We've done this with the energy industry, we've left it too long and only now are we prepared to stand up to these industries and say, we need to do something different, we need to stop listening to the lobbyists and put the real issues first. Are we going to ignore that with animal agriculture or are we going to start to make proper just transitions now because it is already too late?
Kate Forbes[00:49:15] And I guess for me it starts with all of us again calling out that dehumanising language, because every politicians does have family scrutinised, criticised, hold politicians accountable, do all of that, that's a life bud of our democracy. But don't dehumanise to the lengths that some might…that then results in those atrocities. And I do see good examples. I mean, this week, if I could use one short example, I met up with a Conservative councillor who posted on Facebook that she'd met with me and there was a post there that was less than flattering about me. She called it out. She blocked the person and she said she wouldn't tolerate it. Credit where it's due, that's the leader of Borders Council and I was really impressed.
Fiona Bruce[00:50:19] Heather, what, if any, further protections? Because I mean, talking about changing culture is good and all very well, but that takes time.
Heather McGregor[00:50:27] That does take time.Fiona Bruce
[00:47:41] The man here in the front.

Audience Member 20211028QT38
 [00:47:43] Yes, what can you do using legislation? Should capital punishment be brought back? Have the nation gone too soft?

Fiona Bruce
[00:47:49] Is that something you'd like to see?

Audience Member 20211028QT39
 [00:47:51] Yes, I would. What would you feel like if your young daughter got killed or your elderly father got killed for just doing their job?

Fiona Bruce
[00:48:00] I'm going to come round the audience and then I'll come back to you. Yes, the man in the glasses.

Audience Member 20211028QT40
 [00:48:03] Surely now it's not just for MPs and MSPs to get the extra protection, we need to do it for the whole of society. Because in this area in the last five days there have been two fatal stabbings. So surely we need to clamp down more on the punishment for anyone caught carrying a knife rather than just looking at it from an MP or an MSP's point of view.
Part 38Fiona Bruce[00:37:25] The man there in the blue shirt.
Audience Member 20211028QT29 [00:37:27] Andrew just mentioned they're investing billions and billions in the North East. That's just to cover up what he actually sold away. He allowed the UK Government to take that money out of Scotland and invest in the north of England. And in a typical Tory fashion…
Andrew Bowie[00:37:49] Sorry, he, what do you mean by he?
Audience Member 20211028QT30 [00:37:49]…he starts hitting us with all this thing about we've invested £132 billion, £125 billion, nobody can check all these figures. And the Tory ministers are good at this for everything they do. The first thing they bring in is their investment in this, their investment in that. He sold Scotland down the river by not allowing the North East project to go ahead.
Fiona Bruce[00:38:14] When you say he, you're referring to…?
Audience Member 20211028QT31 [00:38:15] Andrew.
Fiona Bruce[00:38:16] Oh, to Andrew himself personally, right.
Audience Member 20211028QT32[00:38:18] So it's not far away from his constituency, they probably represent that area.
Andrew Bowie[00:38:22] I don't represent St Fergus itself, but of course the Sub-Sea Technology and the industry, which is very much based in my constituency, obviously, has invested heavily in it. Hence my disappointment that [voices overlap 00:38:32].Anas Sarwar[00:45:10] So yes, there's a wider issue about individual protection, and look, we're all family members, our families are concerned, our staff are concerned about their own safety. But I think there's a fundamental issue here about how we do politics, how we protect our democracy, and how we keep that fundamental importance of our democracy of face to face contact and recognising that our politicians are there to serve the people and be accessible to the people, not be separate from the people.
Fiona Bruce[00:45:46] So the question, Andrew, is, what, if any, further protection should there be in the light of obviously the terrible killing of Sir David Amess?
Andrew Bowie[00:45:56] Yeah, and I can't help thinking that this time last week David was in his constituency in Southend preparing for a very normal Friday in many respects for members of parliament and members of the Scottish Parliament. He would be hosting a constituency surgery, where I'm sure he felt as safe as he ever had done in the near 40 years that he served his constituents in the House of Commons.Part 39Audience Member 20211028QT33[00:38:34] They've told you that it's not going to happen in Scotland.
Andrew Bowie[00:38:36] Hence my disappointment that it didn't get tier-one status.
Audience Member 20211028QT34 [00:38:37] You're like a wee schoolboy that says, okay Boris, if that's what you want, that's what you'll get. Never mind Scotland, you do what you want [inaudible 00:38:45].
Andrew Bowie[00:38:48] So it's still in the pipeline. This is the…
Fiona Bruce[00:38:52] But not for some years.
Andrew Bowie[00:38:53] This is the truth of the matter. The UK Government is committed to working with the Scottish Government…
Audience Member 20211028QT35[00:38:57] [Voices overlap 00:38:55]
Fiona Bruce[00:38:58] Let him answer.
Andrew Bowie[00:38:58]…to develop and move the plans forward so that it can come on stream. Yesterday was only the start of the story. We're a long way from actually developing clusters around the UK that we can sort of take forward CCUS at the scale that we need to. And I'm really confident that in time the Scottish Cluster will be a part of our overarching plans to do that. But we are investing billions in transition. We're investing in the North Sea. We need to have a look at the…
Audience Member 20211028QT36 [00:39:26] Where's all the billions coming from?Part 52Brian Cox[00:51:29] I think there's a thing happening at the moment which I think we do have to protect our representatives, because they are our representatives and we need to make sure that they are safe, first and foremost. But this extraordinary man, who I didn't know, Sir David Amess, I mean, what comes across about his life was this was a man who was very ecumenical in his beliefs. He had great relationships with our Islamic brethren, for example, and this to me…and clearly this man was targeted. He was targeted because of that very reason, because he actually was across the divide.Fiona Bruce[00:52:12] I mean, we have no idea why he was killed, of course.Brian Cox[00:52:15] No, we don't know, but I just thought it was shocking. I mean, I saw this wonderful kind of…when a group of the Islamic brethren came along and we were talking about him and how much they respected this man and how wonderful this man was. And I just thought, now this is a good guy, this is one of the good guys.Andrew Bowie[00:52:32] He was, yeah.Brian Cox[00:52:34] And they're killing one of the good guys. That's what scared me.Fiona Bruce[00:52:37] Right, we have got about five minutes left and I want to get one question in very quickly so you'll have to be reasonably brief, if you would. Which is from Ashleigh Pany.Anas Sarwar[00:44:00] What do we do about it? One part I think is recognising that of course politics is going to have high emotions and of course there's a place for anger in politics as well. I think the challenge for all of us, though, is not to allow that anger and that emotion to turn into dislike and hatred. We all have very different political views on the stage, myself, Andrew and Kate in particular, but that doesn't mean that we have to dislike each other or hate each other in the process. We can be very civil but still be angry and passionate about our politics. The further thing I would say is, we can't escape the fact that our public discourse and our political discourse also is part of the problem. Too much of our politics is about othering communities. It's about dehumanising other people, and it's about creating divisions amongst ourselves. And I think we've got to recognise that until we challenge that and we challenge the politics of anger with the politics of empathy, we challenge the politics and division with the politics of unity. And we challenge frankly the politics of despair that we feel as a society and a country with a politics of hope. We are going to continue to see these horrific threats and I hope not, in terms of horrific incidents itself. Fiona Bruce[00:48:26] Well, we're discussing it simply because that was the question. I mean, one of those stabbings was of a 14-year-old, particularly distressing. The question is, what, if any, further protection should politicians have? I mean, you're all talking about if politicians feel concerned, they should have protection. But what should they be? Is it having a police officer stationed at every constituency surgery, or what is it? Practically, what does it mean?Kate Forbes[00:48:47] I mean, it's not that, is it? Because the bread and butter of my job is surgeries with constituents. It's meeting people face to face. Now through COVID that's been more difficult, I've had virtual surgeries, but you cannot escape, and I would never want to, it's the part of the job I love the most. Being out in my very beautiful constituency, almost as beautiful as Glasgow, and meeting people face to face. But I don't think there is any politician, I can't think of any, who haven't had to face threatening behaviour, who haven't been subject to intimidating threats. And the challenge for all of us is that the worst atrocities start somewhere and they start with these intimidating threats. They start with anger-fuelled and dehumanising language so often on social media. Fiona Bruce
[00:55:06] Heather.

Heather McGregor
[00:55:06] This is the most amazing city. This is the city where 300 years ago Adam Smith studied. And there was no rubbish collection in those days and it was still the best city in the world. The motto here in this city is let Glasgow flourish. I think Glasgow will flourish with COP26. Like you, I welcome it. I think it's going to be a great two weeks, rubbish or not.

Fiona Bruce
[00:55:27] Okay, Brian.

Brian Cox
[00:55:30] I think it's great that Glasgow is hosting COP26.

Audience Member 20211028QT41 [00:52:44] Glasgow's refuse services have been severely impacted by the pandemic. Our city is currently littered with rubbish and rats. With COP26 coming, which I welcome, by the way, I just wonder, is this the right time to be showcasing our city?Fiona Bruce[00:52:59] What do you think?Audience Member 20211028QT42 [00:53:01] I think that it could be embarrassing for the city.Fiona Bruce[00:53:04] Could be embarrassing?Audience Member 20211028QT43 [00:53:06] Yeah.Fiona Bruce[00:53:06] Anas.Anas Sarwar[00:53:08] Well, we have our cleansing workers going on strike during COP26 because of the state of our streets and the cuts to cleansing services. We have our real workers going on strike because we're cutting routes here in Scotland at a time when we're trying to tell people to get out of cars and get into public transport. We had an announcement today that bus drivers in Glasgow are planning on going on strike during COP26. And this is a direct result of us saying one rhetoric on the international stage and the national stage and cutting local budgets for local people in our communities at the same time, which is completely and utterly unacceptable. Fiona Bruce[00:55:32] And what about the point that you're making there about the issues with rubbish collection, the rats, fly-tipping, what have you?

Brian Cox[00:55:39] I mean, that's life.

Fiona Bruce[00:55:41] Okay, that's life. Andrew.

Andrew Bowie[00:55:42] Well, I disagree slightly. I think for the people who are living in Glasgow, it shouldn't be life. I think that Glasgow City Council [inaudible 00:55:52]. We've seen Glasgow at its best. We saw in 2014 the amazing Go Glasgow that was demonstrated to the world through the Commonwealth Games and Aberdeen winning the league cup, and that's what we know Glasgow can be.Fiona Bruce[00:46:20] So do you think there should be further protection?Andrew Bowie[00:46:24] The protection should be there if a member of parliament feels that they require it or that their staff should require it. But we've got to be very careful to balance that with keeping the so very important aspect, almost unique in our democracy, which is the openness and accessibility of elected representatives to their constituents. We do absolutely need to do something about the tone of the debate in our politics. We have lost and are losing, and you see it in social media, and I see some of the abuse that some of my colleagues get. We are losing, I think, fast the ability to disagree agreeably. And if anything could change in the light of last week's tragic events, given how he went about his business, a man with very strong-held views, some of which I disagreed with, but he would do it in a courteous, polite and amiable manner, and we need to get back to that in this country. Not just between ourselves as politicians, but out in the country as a whole. And to answer the original question, if an MP, NSP, or anybody in public service, because it's not just elected representatives, feels unsafe, then, yes, of course the protection should be available to them to allow them to carry out their business representing this country in whatever capacity they are doing it.
Fiona Bruce[00:50:29] What can be done in the short to medium term?
Heather McGregor[00:50:31] In the shorter time, I think that there will almost certainly have to be an approach by our members of parliament and our members of Scottish Parliament that triages things in the same way that GP surgeries do and there will have to be some element of screening. But what I would say is, this was a tragedy, it was a tragedy for Sir David, for his family, it was a tragedy for the people of Southend. We don't want an equivalent tragedy, which is that we let terrorism win by standing between our elected members of parliament and members of Scottish parliament and the people that they represent. I'm represented in parliament by Christine Jardine, I am represented in the Scottish parliament by Gordon McDonald. I have never met either of them but I would like to think that if I wanted to I could. And the thought that that might not be possible I think is tremendously sad. We don't want to heap a tragedy on another tragedy.
Fiona Bruce[00:51:23] Brian.Anas Sarwar
[00:53:38] Glasgow is the greatest place in the world. I love the city of Glasgow, I was born here, brought up here, proud to represent it. We call ourselves the Dear Green Place, but this Dear Green Place is let down by cuts to local government, cuts to local budgets, and not supporting…

Fiona Bruce
[00:53:55] Okay, you're going to have to be brief, I'm sorry. I'm just going to take you back to the original question, which is, Glasgow's refuse services have been impacted by the pandemic. Our city is littered with rubbish and rats. It's great having COP26 at Glasgow. Is this how Glasgow should be portrayed on the world's stage? Kate, what would you say?

Kate Forbes
[00:54:09] Well, there is a lot of work to do and there's a lot of work being done right now with people out on a daily basis, ensuring that rubbish is collected, that the fly-tipping is cleared and that the graffiti is wiped off. Every single city is going to have to prepare…

Fiona Bruce
[00:54:24] Oh, just as you said that a whole raft of hands went up. Just very quickly, Anas, I've heard from you, if you'll forgive me. The man in the white shirt, but you'll have to be really quick.
Andrew Bowie[00:56:00] And I really hope that Glasgow City Council and the Scottish Government can step up and get it back to where it was then. Because Glasgow deserves that. And we should be concentrating on what the negotiations that are being held behind closed doors and not on the fact that the litter is not being picked up around Glasgow.
Fiona Bruce[00:56:24] Time to hear one more thing from the audience. Yes, the woman there with the long hair at the back.
Audience Member 20211028QT45[00:56:29] It's just like for an event that's meant that to be about protecting the environment, having the place covered in rubbish, it kind of gives mixed messages, which is kind of what makes that embarrassing.Fiona Bruce[00:22:39] Yes, the woman there.

Audience Member 20211028QT20[00:22:40] In 2016, the Scottish Government actually produced an Equally Safe Act and it was made a priority to look after women and gendered violence, and it's not been done. I think the Scottish Government has failed on that.

Fiona Bruce[00:22:54] It's been passed but nothing has changed.

Audience Member 20211028QT21[00:22:57] Yeah.

Fiona Bruce[00:22:57] Brian, I mean, I don't know how much you've been following this with these reports that have come out in the papers recently. I mean, spiking with a needle is certainly something I had ever heard of before.

Brian Cox[00:23:06] This is the question for me, is the accessibility of the drug? Nobody is actually looking at that. How do these people get this drug?

Fiona Bruce[00:23:14] But we don't know what [voices overlap 00:23:16].

Brian Cox[00:23:17] The idea of a hypodermic needle, do they feel the hypodermic? Do they…? And there's that which I…it's a very… Nobody is really looking at that element, because folk behave in a certain kind of way after drinks or what have you. But I find it extraordinary. I mean, the idea of what this drug is and the accessibility this drug is and where are they getting the drug from? Who is giving this drug?Fiona Bruce [00:33:50] Brian.Brian Cox[00:33:52]Oh, sorry…Fiona Bruce[00:33:55] I guess you were looking skywards.Brian Cox[00:34:00] This is not a party political issue. We're in deep shit, we really are, and we really have to face up to that. I'm sorry, to use the Scottish one, I'm well and truly scunnered, quite frankly. We've just had the support coming out just now, it's just been released today, about the investigation, that they've found out that both South America and Australia and Saudi Arabia want to circumvent what's going on. The planet is being destroyed and we have to rethink it. We have to make certain sacrifice in order to get better. And we still want to fall into, well, we can't afford that because we'll lose that. But we have to think first and foremost about the planet and our responsibility to the planet. That's the feeling. Fiona Bruce[00:35:00] I mean, the question is about an independent Scotland putting the economy and the environment first. Brian Cox[00:35:07] Well, I think they have to put the environment first. I mean, I really do. I think that's the advantage that we can…that's the… I mean, we're a small country and we could show example. Now the Saudis are not going to do it, Australia is not going to give up their coal that easily, and we have to… We can do that. Fiona Bruce
[00:39:27] Okay, alright, I'm just going to get… Forgive me, sir, I'm going to get round the rest of the panel otherwise it will just be you and the Andrew show. It's on the entertaining side in some ways but I think let's move on. Anas, I want to come to you. So the question is, as COP26 approaches, could you tell us when an independent Scotland would put the economy or environment first when deciding what to do with the domestic oil industry?

Anas Sarwar
[00:39:47] I think the challenge is climate change is a recognised borders. So to turn an issue of global cooperation and the eyes of the world being on Glasgow and the requirement for international leaders to work together, to challenge climate change, to do the very thing that Brian says we need to do, to confront the climate emergency and safe the planet. To reduce that to a conscious debate about Scotland's place in the UK, I think frankly misses the point. The reality is we have two failing governments in Scotland when it comes to climate change. We can't repeat the mistakes of the mining industry when entire communities were decimated and there wasn't a pathway to alternative employment. We can't make that same mistake in the North East. 
AudienceMember 20211014QT05[0:03:56]
With the fuel crisis, and food inflation set to rise and gas and electricity bills soaring and a national insurance hike teamed with a Universal Credit, what have the Conservative Party done to show that they are the party of ordinary people?Fiona Bruce[0:04:14] Lisa.Lisa Nandy[0:04:18] The Prime Minister came and said that he would pay attention to areas of mine where people have to get out in order to get on and he said he would do something about it, but we have had a series of broken promise after broken promise, and the truth is, if you want to make good on those promises, you have to actually have a plan and that is what, wherever you look at it, this government just seems to lack. We've had no plan to deal with the energy crisis.Lisa Nandy[0:04:46] years, we've been running down under the Tories our renewable capacity. We slashed solar tariffs. They blocked onshore winds and they got rid of gas storage which left us reliant on the markets. He said he would fix social care, but we got a tax hike on working people to pay not for social care, but the hole they have left in the National Health Service budget and now we have got this Universal Credit cut that's going to plunge a lot of people into poverty. You're new into the post as Education Secretary and I was extremely pleased to see you in that job, not least because you could not be worse than your predecessor.Minette Batters[0:11:24] 
On your point on Universal Credit which is meant to be helping people up the employment ladder, I guess what shocks me at the moment is the sort of speed of change with massive inflation across all sectors. The situation with energy which we don't own, which we should. We saw the closure of CF fertilisers, on the back of that no C02. The word for me that is missing out of the thinking and not taking anything away from Nadhim and the fantastic progress made with vaccination, I mean, incredible, and fantastic support in many ways for business, with furlough, bounce-back, hospitality grant loans, all of those other things. Now as we come out of it, we've got to tread slowly and carefully and make sure we don't leave anybody behind and these massively rising costs, you know, I think when we look at the wider aspect, 70 million people, you know, energy for 70 million people, food supply, the just-in-time way of working on food supply. We saw empty shelves. Everybody in this room would have experienced empty shelves. They couldn't buy what they wanted when they wanted. Those lessons seem tohave been forgotten from just 18 months ago. We cannot take energy for granted. We cannot take food supply for granted. They have to have a long-term approach and long-term investment and a will from government to work with business, and I guess what I felt on behalf of business at the moment, it doesn't feel like government really wants to work with business and this adversarial approach cannot carry on, it is exhausting, it is wearing. We know that lovely word "partnership" is the best way forward. It doesn't feel like partnership right now and a lot of people across the country will be wondering how, when they go into the winter months, how they make ends meet. My focus will be on keeping the shelves full of food which is plentiful out in the farms at the moment, but getting it to the shelves is proving a massive issue.
Fiona Bruce[0:13:32] Rosie?
Rosie Jones[0:13:36] Well, I watched Boris' speech yesterday and he talked a hell of a lot, but I didn't hear anything. It was all visions and right now; the country doesn't need visions, it needs things putting in place and policies and, actually, I found the speech quite scary. It felt quite like a Trump speech. He was able to exciteFiona Bruce[0:07:22] 6 billion.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:07:24] In additional welfare spending. As we headed up to Manchester, Hassan, we are an extra half a billion for those families and individuals who will find it hard this winter because of their utility bills and because of the need for additional support for food, and that will go through their Local Government, through councils who know them and are probably best placed to help them. So all that is happening. Plus, of course, remember the introduction of the National Living Wage. That's put £4,000 a year in additional money in people's pay packets. So, all that support, plus, of course, remember we've got kick-start and that is another £2 billion in the scheme to get people back to work. And restart which is £2.9 billion. So a lot of money is going into getting people who aren't in the workplace, into the workplace.
Fiona Bruce[0:08:24] Okay, well, let's see what our aud make of that.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:08:28] We are doing the right thing as we transition out of Covid. The economy is in a good place to deliver.
Fiona Bruce[0:08:38] We have got lots of hands up. The woman at the back. Yes.
AudienceMember 20211014QT06[0:08:42] We heard Boris say build back better, levelling up, high skills, high wages, but my fear is it is the poorest and most vulnerable who will be left behind after all those soundbites.
Fiona Bruce[0:05:34] That's damning.
Lisa Nandy[0:05:36] If you're spending more on eat out to help out than our children catch up on their education over the summer holidays, after the worst global pandemic in a century, you really have to wonder where your priorities are. We need to see real action, not just more slogans from this government. (APPLAUSE).
Fiona Bruce[0:05:54] Nick?
Nick Ferrari[0:05:56] Sometimes it is not what you say, and it is not how you say it and it is when you say it, and although Boris Johnson did what Boris Johnson does. If you hire Cristiano Ronaldo, you don't put him in the back four, you put him out front and that was the speech we got. It struck me to deliver a speech in that fashion on the very day that Universal Credit was coming to an end for a lot of people, and for some of those people it will be heat or eat, that was very poor timing. To your question and I must tell you,Fiona Bruce
[0:22:22] Come along and join the debate by being part of the audience. We'd love to see you. That's Nottingham next week and Glasgow the week after. Go on to our website and find the instructions on how to be part of our audience. Susan?

AudienceMember 20211014QT19
[0:22:38] Allowing the mass slaughter of pigs that won't go into our food chain, what's gone wrong with our food production?

Fiona Bruce
[0:22:48] The obvious person is you, Minette, as head of the National Farmers' Union and a farmer.

Minette Batters
[0:22:56] This has been a really difficult time. It has been heartbreaking. 18 months ago, farmers were the key workers, they are providing 60% of the country's food and the point was made about foodbanks and austerity and here we are, the first country in the world facing a cull of healthy livestock, potentially up to 120,000 pigs. These pigs are under contract so these farmers, this doesn't stop, this doesn't end. These farmers are producing under contract for processors and retailers and so...

Fiona Bruce
[0:23:32] When you say a cull, we won't be eating these pigs, they will be incinerated and that's the end of it.

Minette Batters
[0:23:40] They will have to be destroyed on farm, either using a bolt gun or lethal injection which is a massive issue for the vets in this country who are there to save lives, not to shoot or destroy healthy livestock. As far as I'm concerned, this is the start and it has to be resolved.
AudienceMember 20211014QT17[0:16:16] At the moment the cost of living is rocketing. I work in a local supermarket and I have seen with my own eyes the fact that the shelves are emptying, people are saying, I only had somebody saying to me, she bought an item she buys regularly, gosh, it has gone up 10p, from 50p to 60p. The reality is the people who are at the most disadvantaged are going to be dreadfully badly hit and we have had enough of seeing in this country people going to foodbanks and people living on the streets and people unable to afford rent and yet we're still determined to make life even harder for the people who already have it hard.
Fiona Bruce[0:17:02] The woman in the glasses. (APPLAUSE).
AudienceMember 20211014QT18[0:17:04] Yesterday the Prime Minister's speech, I think people were hoping for some substance and all they got was jokes. I'm sorry, but that's offensive. I work in an infants school and we work hard. Our children have been a complete privilege to work with throughout the Covid pandemic and we need help. We need help. We don't want to hear jokes. We want some action. We want some support. Our children deserve better. And to make jokes about things, there are serious things to talk about. There are serious things to do. Start acting. Stop joking. (APPLAUSE). [ DONE]Nadhim Zahawi[0:20:40] We announced £3,000 in bonuses for teachers in maths, physics and chemistry to those schools who need them most because those children have talent, they don't have opportunity. That's what we're doing.
Nick Ferrari[0:21:08] Nadhim, there was no shortage of wind in Manchester and there is no shortage of wind here tonight in Aldershot with you. Let's be honest, is that a valid argument that the temporary uplift in Universal Credit has to be addressed? Yes. Why for the love of all that's holy, as these folk are looking and winter is running in and we look at our thermostats nervously, why would your party do it then and why couldn't you graduate it to help those people who need it most?
Nadhim Zahawi[0:21:44] Nick, we announced as we arrived in Manchester, £0.5 billion for exactly those people...
Nick Ferrari[0:21:50] Why aren't they getting it?
Nadhim Zahawi[0:21:52] On helping if they need additional help with food or anything else, through Local Government and if you're going to criticise us on something, admit that we've done something about it for the most needy.
Fiona Bruce[0:22:02] Okay, I'm going to move on and take another question. I just want to tell you that we will be in Nottingham next week. After that we're in Glasgow where we will be joined by the actor and the star of the HBO television drama, Succession, Brian Cox. Lisa is excited.Fiona Bruce[0:08:56] The man here.AudienceMember 20211014QT07[0:09:00] I agree totally with you, Lisa. This government has been in power for 10 years. We must not kid ourselves. An example was Therese Coffey, that video was insulting to all those poor people who are losing their money at this moment. I mean, the incompetence...Fiona Bruce[0:09:26] What video are you referring to? The one of her dancing at the conference.Lisa Nandy[0:09:32] She was singing "I've had the time of my life" while people lost thousands out of their pocket.AudienceMember 20211014QT08[0:09:40] The Tories keep spouting we're the party of economic competence. It is laughable. Where we are today, debt has gone up considerably. They keep saying we like to reduce the debt. It has quadrupled. They go to businesses and say "you're to blame by this." It is incompetence and it is irrational and people must see what Boris is doing. He is a clown, a joker and he is a showman. That's what it is. We need real leadership and my personal opinion, I'm seeing what Keir did last week, that's where your leadership is. We must trust in new leaders, that's my opinion. (APPLAUSE).Fiona Bruce[0:10:20] The man in the pink.AudienceMember 20211014QT09[0:10:24] I think the Universal Credit uplift and then a downlift is the most idiotic thing I can imagine.Fiona Bruce[0:10:34] The Government always said it was going to be temporary.AudienceMember 20211014QT10[0:10:38] Yes, they did, but if you give somebody something and they get used to it and you take it away, that's a big blow, especially when there is going to be inflation that's rampant in this country over the next few months. Whatever the gas prices. Whatever the haulage crisis, that money should not have been given if it is going to be taken away. It creates a bad feeling, not even those who have it taken away, but people who like me, who don't need it, but didn't get it.Fiona Bruce[0:36:14] The Prime Minister said he doesn't want to lift the lever of uncontrolled immigration.
Nick Ferrari[0:36:22] It will be controlled. When the truckers crisis blew up, we can't get truckers in, but ballet dancers allowed into this country, I don't know about you guys, but I rely more on a trucker and pig farmer than a ballet dancer and you can probably tell why! Get the right people in and then train up.
Fiona Bruce[0:36:44] Nadhim, I'm going to come back to you. So many people are having a bit of a go.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:36:52] Let me address your point, Nick. You remember when countries like Poland joined the European Union. They said we would let people come and work in the UK. Germany said no, you will have a 7-year break until the wages in those countries begin to rise and we saw - Jack Straw admitted it, he said it was a mistake that we had that uncontrolled immigration which put pressure on wages here in the UK, and that's what Boris doesn't want to see. When he talks about, you know, we're not going to have uncontrolled immigration because he wants the students I look after, the skills that we're developing in boot camps, whether it is for HGV and we've had a phenomenal response to the boot camp that we're launching next month...He was able to excite everyone with his slogans, but when you listen to what he said, he said nothing and the fact that he is saying that there are these supply chain issues and shortages are part of a plan is, frankly, insulting to millions of people who will be fighting a winter of hardship because of these cuts and shortages. (APPLAUSE).

Fiona Bruce
[0:15:20] The woman in the red cardigan. Yes, you in the red cardigan.

AudienceMember 20211014QT15
[0:15:26] The minister's answer focused on getting people back to work. My concern is that people have had benefits cut and can't get back to work. People who have disabilities. People who are not able to work. A personal friend of mine will face double fuel bills this winter and his benefits have been reduced. I think that's where we need to focus. A lot of people are going to be in a very dire situation this winter.

Fiona Bruce
[0:15:50] The woman in the front with the red scarf.

AudienceMember 20211014QT16
[0:15:52] I've listened to what you've all said and I've particularly enjoyed the comment regarding Boris Johnson's speech. As far as I was concerned it was a masterclass in theatrical bombast, and what concerns me is this idea that this was an uplift for Universal Credit. It is about a bit like saying we're going to give you a pay rise, but we're going to take that money away when prices go up, which is what is happening.
Fiona Bruce[0:35:06] 
Nick, the question allowing the mass slaughter of pigs that won't go into the food chain, what's happening with our food production?
Nick Ferrari[0:35:18]
 Let's just pause for a second. It is actually not the fault of government that more young people seem to be attracted to vegetarianism and don't want to handle meat. Let's be fair. The Government doesn't control the condition in our abattoirs and demand be a butcher. Let's park that there. What you can control, Nadhim, is how people can get into this country. It is a very good point by the gentleman up the back that the whole idea was that we were going to have workers here and that needs to be addressed and if, as you promise, 1 day, workers in this country will have higher wages, good, but we find ourselves in a situation, almost I believe of a mirror of what we saw with the truck drivers, okay. And that became very difficult and we still have that affecting us and the drivers of the petrol tankers. The whole idea of Brexit was that we could control who we want to come in. I would urge you to go from here to talk to your colleagues in the employment department, whatever else it might be, let's switch on that tap now don't let's have the situation we had the hauliers.Minette Batters[0:25:16] Daffodils worth well over £1.3 million. We've got a flower sector that's worth £2 billion. The berry sector, we're self-sufficient in berries from April. It goes on and on and we have to resolve it. And the more we talk about low skilled, low paid, that's not the case. Butchers are on £15. Your staff nurse is on £13 an hour. So butchers are on £15 an hour, but we've got a shortage. We have got to have a dial down so we can sort this crisis and make sure that we have high quality British food on the shelves. It feels like farmers don't matter and we don't want to see British food produced in this country and that has to change. (APPLAUSE).Fiona Bruce[0:26:10] Lisa?Lisa Nandy[0:26:12] Well, farmers have been warning for months now that there is a problem with the shortage of abattoir workers and, you know, I heard what Minette said about individual ministers trying to do their bit, but what we need is the Prime Minister to get a grip on this because people are watching their livelihoods go up in smoke. My cousin is a farmer. I know how tough it is to have to work in that industry all year round with all of the pressures that are on people, but to have to slaughter perfectly well animals in the middle of a pandemic when we have seen food shortages, I mean, it really is quite an unbelievable place to have got to. There are things that could be done right now.Fiona Bruce[0:17:48] Can I just ask because... Is there anyone here who thought Boris' speech was what the conference needed? That they thought it was the right thing? Hang on a second, I'm asking the audience, are you agreeing or shaking your head. No, you didn't. Nadhim, I need to come back to you. Now, we select our audience carefully on Question Time to be politically represented. The largest group voted Conservative here and yet this is what you're hearing.Nadhim Zahawi[0:18:16] And I opened by saying to Hassan that we have been through an incredibly difficult period...Fiona Bruce[0:18:24] Yes, but everyone knows that because they have lived through it. What they're asking for is something to happen and a plan.Nadhim Zahawi[0:18:30] If you let me finish the sentence. We've put 407 billion into protecting jobs. I talked about the furlough scheme which Minette talked about. £0.5 billion for this winter to help those families that you are all talking about. The warm homes discount is for 780,000 pensioners and families on low incomes which will give them £150 off their fuel bills.Fiona Bruce[0:19:00] Why do you think that's not cutting through to people? Because you can list the pollees, but people don't seem to be hearing it.Nadhim Zahawi[0:19:06] Your question was focused on the Prime Minister's speech.Fiona Bruce[0:19:08] It wasn't my question, it was from the audience.Minette Batters[0:23:58] Now we know that already some of these pigs are sadly having to be culled. It has to be resolved because this is livelihoods and this is people's businesses and unless we are saying to these farmers "We don't want a pig industry in this country", do you know what will happen then? We will import pigmeat that's produced to lower standards. What will that say to the consumer who wants high quality, high welfare British pork? This has been a human disaster for the pig farmers who are distraught. I must make a comment that George Eustice is doing everything he can as the Secretary of State in DEFRA and I believe Steve Barkley who is charged with saving Christmas yet again, I think it is the fourth Christmas we've saved, is doing everything he can, but we haven't got this over the line. I haven't been able to get to see either Kevin Foster or Priti Patel in the Home Office and it doesn't end there. When we talk about low skilled workers, these were the key workers. We have seen a daffodil harvest that didn't happen. We have seen hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of tomatoes wasted and these sectors are worth a lot to our economy.Nadhim Zahawi
[0:19:12] Many of the announcements were made before we got to Manchester. The adult social care reforms, 36 billion going into getting the information to catch up on the waiting list and then into adult social care, dealing with the - most families get, you know, absolutely taken apart if a member of the family has dementia and they may lose their home. Boris Johnson has dealt with it. I was a young Conservative going to successive party conferences and my own party couldn't deal with it in previous governments and Labour couldn't deal with it under Tony Blair, and Boris dealt with this and I think it is important to remember that the National Living Wage is putting £4,000 a year more in people's pockets. The economy, that support, that 407 billion that we've put in has meant that the economy has done better. There are 2 million people fewer out of work today than was forecast when the pandemic hit. Lisa Nandy, you said we're not doing anything on wind production. The United Kingdom today is 36%, almost 40% --

Lisa Nandy
[0:20:20] You passed legislation.

Nadhim Zahawi
[0:20:22] And Boris wants to quadruple that. Hold on a second, but you said we haven't done anything. All those things were done so the Prime Minister doesn't have to name every policy in his speech, his team, my job, and thank you to the early years teacher who was talking about the hard work because you've stayed open.
AudienceMember 20211014QT30
[0:41:06] In view of his public denial, should Prince Andrew go to the States and face his accuser in court?

Fiona Bruce
[0:41:12] Right. Now, let's just get the facts here. Virginia Giuffre, an American woman, has accused Prince Andrew of sexually assaulting her three times in the States when she was underage there, which was 17. Prince Andrew denies it. He doesn't recall meeting her and there is a legal process going on here which we have to be aware of. Ian, I know from when you submitted this question...

AudienceMember 20211014QT31
[0:41:38] Say that again.

Fiona Bruce
[0:41:38] I know when you submitted this question, you are a former police criminal investigator.

AudienceMember 20211014QT32
[0:41:44] I'm a retired criminal investigator.

Fiona Bruce
[0:41:48] What's your view with that background?

AudienceMember 20211014QT33
[0:41:52] It depends whether he has told the truth really.

Fiona Bruce
[0:41:56] He says he has.

AudienceMember 20211014QT34
[0:41:58] If I was in his position, if I was telling the truth I'd want to go and see what corroborative evidence there is for this because in my line of work that I used to do, we would normally be looking for some corroborative evidence of an offence such as DNA or CCTV or independent witnesses. That kind of thing.

Fiona Bruce
[0:42:20] You think he should go to the States?

AudienceMember 20211014QT35
[0:42:22] Well, yes, I do.

Fiona Bruce
[0:42:26] Nick, your view?

Nick Ferrari
[0:42:32] Because I don't fancy a night in the Tower, I hear what you say, Ian. This is how I'm going to sum it up. The Queen has been through the most trying period of her life, I would imagine, not that long ago, she lost her consort of goodness knows how many decades. She has also got the issues of one of her grandsons living in California. It is a as this woman continues to serve that she is blighted by problems such as this.
Fiona Bruce[0:28:06] Yes?

AudienceMember 20211014QT20[0:28:10] I find this is a ridiculous and sad situation. We have food poverty in this country. We are throwing away decent food that could feed children who are going hungry. They've got to do something. It is just ridiculous. 

Fiona Bruce [0:28:28] Nadhim, what's it come to this that pigs are being culled?
Nadhim Zahawi[0:28:38] George Eustice is working with the abattoirs. Butchers are on the visa list. One thing is the English language requirement that we're looking at as well. A good deal of good work is taking place and the same, of course, with seasonal workers. We've increased that by 5,000 to 30,000. I represent the rural constituency of Stratford upon Avon and I've got Vale fresco that produces the salad for supermarkets and Wheelmore. I went to see both just to see what is happening and just to give you, bring it to life for you, Wheelmore said, "look, it is tough, but we're coping and we're doing well. We're going to invest because Rishi Sunak is giving a tax break, you get 25% of that back. We're going to invest in more machinery and invest in upskilling our people so they can work with that machinery."

Fiona Bruce[0:29:42] But that's not going to help culling pigs, is it?

Nadhim Zahawi[0:29:46] I thought I dealt with the issue around the visas on the abattoirs, but the temporary visas is not enough, we have got to go further and work with the industry on sustainable solutions to this.Lisa Nandy[0:26:52] The National Farmers' Union has proposed a number of measures, including we have got temporary workers who are here and they're on temporary visas, they could switch to being able to work in the abattoirs but at the moment they have to go home in order to reapply, in order to come back and so the Government could take some steps right now that would ease the problem, but in the end, the only way that you fix this problem is to improve conditions in the industry. It is not necessarily about wages, it is not all about wages; it is about the conditions that people have to work in as well and this has been caused by a combination of factors, whether it is the global pandemic or the fact that we've had these changes to immigration rules. We've had 5 years to plan since Brexit and I don't care whether you voted leave or remain, I don't care if you didn't vote at all. Five years ago, this country took a decision that we were leaving the European Union. That means we've had 5 years under this government to plan. There should have been a taskforce to look at where the labour shortages would be. We should not be in a position where farmers are facing the prospect of having to slaughter perfectly well animals at a cost to the food supply chain simply because this government hasn't got a plan.AudienceMember 20211014QT47[0:52:40] We've got to change. Society has got to change. You mentioned Stephen Lawrence, which it is a very, very good example. That was like a template for reassessing racism, and Sarah Everard is the most revolting, disgusting thing that happened to a woman in a long time. But she is not the only one. We talk about her because it was a police officer who committed the crime, but what about - I can't think of her name off the top of my head.
Fiona Bruce[0:53:08] Sabina Netta, the teacher.
AudienceMember 20211014QT48[0:53:14] There are so many women being killed by their partners every week and someone who has been accused of something like Prince Andrew and for someone of that elevation in terms of society, he needs to be held to account very, very seriously indeed.
Fiona Bruce[0:53:28] Well, I just want to reiterate again, when you say he needs to be held to account, he has not been found guilty of anything, he has been accused of things, that's as much as we can say. Minette, should he go to the States and face Virginia Giuffre?AudienceMember 20211014QT42[0:45:54] Currently, in 2021, just over half the police forces in the country have had that training, and my question really, I know it is about Prince Andrew, but it is a wider question, why are local police forces allowed to make a decision that they will put domestic abuse lower down the training than any other training and it does not help when the Prime Minister says that the police force should be investigating serious crimes, which is what he said the other day.
Fiona Bruce[0:46:26] Rosie, let's come back to the question. Should Prince Andrew, in view of his public denial, I want to reiterate again that Prince Andrew has denied and he has not been charged, he has denied the allegations, should Prince Andrew go to the States and face his accuser in court?
Rosie Jones[0:46:42] I agree with what a lot of people here said tonight. I don't care who he is. The pure fact of it, he is a man who has been accused of a serious sexual crime. It isn't a question - of course he needs to face that allegation. Of course.
Fiona Bruce[0:47:32] Okay. Nadhim?
Nadhim Zahawi[0:47:36] I think it is important to remember that Virginia Giuffre was caused great pain by Epstein. I think Lisa Nandy is right, that has to be foremost in our minds.Nick Ferrari[0:43:04] Whether it takes him to go to New York, Washington to do a videolink, whatever it takes to put this out of the way to let the Queen power on and do the job that I think she does particularly well, I'd urge him to do that. (APPLAUSE).Fiona Bruce[0:43:18] Lisa, should Prince Andrew go to the States and see his accuser in court?Lisa Nandy[0:43:32] Before Parliament, I worked with young girls who were preyed on by gangs and suffered the most horrendous circumstances. Every bit of the system is stacked against those young women, and sometimes young men, who come forward to allege abuse. It takes incredible bravery to do it and, whilst I'm not trying to prejudge any legal action in this case, I'm saying the fact that they don't have access to people in power and the fact that they're not believed and the fact so many times there is pressure put on them and their families to just shut up and go away instead of rocking the boat, all of that makes it far, far more important that people who are in positions of power adhere to the highest possible standards in these cases. That means being open. It means being transparent and it means making every effort to support the effort to have a fair hearing and a fair trial. So I agree with Nick and I think it is time some action was taken.Nick Ferrari[0:49:40] The terrible case of Sarah Everard does for women's safety what Stephen Lawrence did for race in this country. They are on the same level and I'm not comparing tragic deaths in this fashion. For the Government to achieve something here, the inquiry that's been set up by Priti Patel has to have statutory powers. It has to be able to compel people to give evidence, otherwise it will get nowhere. The internal Met inquiry has not got statutory powers. I refer you to...
Fiona Bruce[0:50:10] Witnesses can't be compelled to give evidence.
Nick Ferrari[0:50:12] Evidence cannot be brought forward and witnesses can't be compelled. The Daniel Morgan review which found institutional corruption in the murder. The judge involved talked about the difficulty of getting papers because it was not statutory. I know that's an obscure legal term to many, but that is what has to happen if we are going to get something - the young lady in the black scarf says, if we're going to make this a watershed moment for what happened and what it achieved and Stephen Lawrence, this is the opportunity.
Fiona Bruce[0:50:48] Let me hear from the audience. The woman in the black and yellow top.
AudienceMember 20211014QT43[0:50:56] With regard to Sarah Everard's murder, why are the Government not doing anything to educate people and combat the trend of victim blaming.Fiona Bruce[0:32:40] More of you voted for Brexit than against Brexit. Maybe you're having buyer remorse. The man in the tie.
AudienceMember 20211014QT26[0:32:50] It is about people not wanting to do the jobs on offer in abattoirs. Maybe it is the conditions, but it is a lot of people now don't want to cut up meat, there is a big vegetarian impact that's grown so much. How do we encourage British people into this trade? I don't know how long it takes to train a butcher, but I'm sure there has been no plans for training butchers at all.
Minette Batters[0:33:18] Two years. It can't happen overnight, that's the point.
Fiona Bruce[0:33:22] The man right at the back there.
AudienceMember 20211014QT27[0:33:24] Hi there. There is an irony when we're discussing Brexit. In my opinion, a lot of people voted for Brexit because they didn't want foreign workers coming over here and taking our jobs, and now that's exactly the situation that we've got. We've got a lack of foreign workers which is why we've got these shortages.
Fiona Bruce[0:33:42] Can I just hear from someone - the majority of you voted for Brexit. We selected this audience carefully. I am assuming you didn't vote for Brexit.
AudienceMember 20211014QT28[0:33:52] I did.
Fiona Bruce[0:33:54] And you're still saying that. Rosie?
Rosie Jones[0:33:58] I agree that the question links to the first question and that we are getting these labour shortages and you keep talking about the wage increases, but that means nothing if there is labour shortages so when the food prices rise and it is a case of inflation and the majority of people who will get a wage increase won't feel it because the cost of living will continue to increase.Nick Ferrari[0:37:40] That must take as well.
Fiona Bruce[0:37:42] When the head of Next is suggesting bringing people in, but paying them the same. He is suggesting bringing people in as paying them the same as British workers.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:37:54] You have got to be pragmatic about it, the way we increased the seasonal workers...
Minette Batters[0:38:04] The sector has a requirement for 80,000 seasonal workers.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:38:10] I hear you, you've got to calibrate which is your point because as we want to transition the economy to a high wage, high skill economy as Wheelmore are doing. I spoke to one of the big distribution centres in Manchester, they're going from a warehouse with no automation to a warehouse with automation, but higher skills and higher wages because they're going to work with robots. That's the economy we want to see because they deserve higher skills and higher wages. My focus in my department is that by the end of this Parliament, we have a skills agenda that does deliver. We started off with apprenticeships under David Cameron and 2.5 billion into apprenticeships in the UK. We have a Skills Bill and it is about upskilling and reskilling. If you told me under Cameron that we would have a Prime Minister that would deliver a policy that at any time you can pull off modules and upskill and reskill, I would have bitten your arm off. Boris Johnson is delivering that in the lifetime skills guarantee.Rosie Jones[0:58:50] Because they needed to do more. I feel like when we got a government where Dominic Raab doesn't know who -- is and I'm a woman, but also as a disabled woman, I don't feel safe at night. I don't feel safe with police officers. We need to get to a place where women, but also any minority, if you're a woman, if you're disabled, if you're in the LGBT spectrum, if you're a person of colour, the fact is right now in the UK, they don't feel safe at home at night and that is a scary place to live in.
Fiona Bruce[1:00:26] Rosie, thank you. Right, so still a few hands up. Forgive me, you in the front. Our hour is up. I'm going to have to end it here.Fiona Bruce[0:44:38] Do you think he should go to the States?
Lisa Nandy[0:44:40] For a lot of people, a lot of women who don't see justice done, in this country, rape conviction is at their lowest level ever in this country. For a lot of women looking at the system, especially at the moment given everything that's happened over the last few months and especially what we've learnt about the killing of Sarah Everard in the last few weeks, for a lot of women in this country, they want to know that nobody is beyond the law. 
Fiona Bruce[0:45:08] The woman here in the check shirt.
AudienceMember 20211014QT40[0:45:12] No one is above the law including Prince Andrew. I don't think it should be a question of should he go to the US or not, like nobody is above the law.
Fiona Bruce[0:45:24] The woman at the back there.
AudienceMember 20211014QT41[0:45:24] Thank you. I agree entirely with what Lisa Nandy said. It is a question of supporting women who are obviously coming forward with accusations that need to be followed through. I just wanted to say there have been 81 women murdered by a man since Sarah Everard died on 3rd March and in 2014, Her Majesty's inspectors of constabulary recommended that all police forces should have domestic abuse training.Minette Batters[0:54:52] How, and the police do a fantastic job and I feel the police have paid a heavy price here for an inquiry that should have been called to see how the recruitment process failed catastrophically, there are evil people in the world. There will always, sadly, be evil people in the world, but that inquiry should have been called much, much earlier to find out how the recruitment process failed to allow a monster into the police force. The police do a great job and I feel they have had a collectively hard time over this, but that inquiry should have happened earlier.Fiona Bruce[0:55:28] It may have been tricky to have an inquiry before the trial. There could have been prejudicial issues there.AudienceMember 20211014QT52[0:55:40] Because the police can't get an arrest straightaway. They're not bothered about it. They have got to get their crime rates up...Fiona Bruce[0:55:50] It takes time to solve, you mean.AudienceMember 20211014QT53[0:55:54] Second, after this policeman got done, the media and other people, like the Government and everything, came out and said "oh" and the police were saying "maybe we should put undercover policemen". The women are going we don't want undercover policemen.Fiona Bruce[0:56:14] That was a suggestion about having under cover police officers in nightclubs.AudienceMember 20211014QT54[0:56:20] Yes.Fiona Bruce[0:31:24] We have got lots of hands up. Yes. You have got your hand up very high! The woman with the glasses at the back there.
AudienceMember 20211014QT21[0:31:30] I think the problem here is the elephant in the room and nobody wants to admit to it in the Government is Brexit. The Brexit movement was driven on an agenda driven by lies. Boris lied in his speech about the things that the Government are proposing to do. They have had 5 years to prepare for it, but there was no plan. The plan was for David Cameron to win back his backbenchers. The plan was to get out the foreigners, but you know, other than that, there was no economic basis in leaving the EU and this is just showing that, and I think the tide is turning.
Fiona Bruce[0:32:10] The man in the blue shirt.
AudienceMember 20211014QT22[0:32:12] Is part of the issue the fact that we haven't been able to secure as many trade deals as we had been promised originally as part of the Brexit campaign? Secondly, from a seasonal worker prospective, if we're trying to employ people to come from abroad, why would you come abroad with temporary restrictions such as you can stay here for 2 months and help us out, but we don't want you after that. It is hypocritical and lunacy.Fiona Bruce[0:51:10] 
The woman in the white top.
AudienceMember 20211014QT44[0:51:12] 
Why are we letting people get away with these dibolical actions. Going back to the Prince Andrew thing...
Fiona Bruce[0:51:22] He denies it and he has not been charged with anything. 
AudienceMember 20211014QT45[0:51:26] 
What does it say about the respectability of the monarchy in the UK? It is going downhill. I have so much respect for the Queen, but why are we letting this happen? What's going on like women's safety in general? Why do I no longer feel safe...
Nick Ferrari[0:51:46] 
That was a police officer. That was an incredible misuse of the power which must never be allowed to happen again. I would argue that's what we need to look for.
Fiona Bruce[0:51:56] 
The woman in the front.
AudienceMember 20211014QT46[0:51:58]
The Prince Andrew question, he should be - he should go to the States and he should be held accountable, but going back to what the lady said. The culture of misogyny of men treating women very badly indeed has gone on for far too long and for me, what is most concerning is that I believe there are a lot of cuts to women's services. Now a lot of these cuts in Universal Credit and other financial cuts are going to affect women most. Women are always the most vulnerable in society. They're always the ones in receipt of the most punitive financial cuts and just think we've got to re-think this.Nadhim Zahawi[0:57:20] We've got to go further. One of the things we've done, because of the Sarah Everard case, as part of our call for evidence, we've had 180,000 responses to that call of evidence. We've got a national police lead, Maggie Blyth who is started imminently looking at this and we're launching a 24/7 rape and sexual assault helpline because I think, to every point that's been made today, this is really important and it starts at school and we've got to teach, you know, children at school what healthy relationships look like and that's, you know, it is primary, as well as secondary.

Fiona Bruce[0:58:04] Rosie?

Rosie Jones[0:58:08] Talking about women's safety in general. Right, now there is a government inquiry and a Met inquiry and I really feel like they are both -- I don't feel as a woman that either care about safety.

Fiona Bruce[0:58:44] What would make you feel that they did care about safety if you're not happy with those inquiries?Minette Batters[0:53:46] It really needs resolving and resolving as soon as possible.Fiona Bruce[0:53:52] Do you think that's the way to resolve it for him to go to the States?Minette Batters[0:53:54] It is hard to see how it will be resolved. It has gone on and on and it needs resolving. Briefly on the Sarah Everard point, we are all in the media, most of what we say...Fiona Bruce[0:54:08] Well, you are a farmer.Minette Batters[0:54:10] I'm standing up for my farmers at the moment and I'm in the media a lot and most of what we say is forgotten the next day or maybe an hour later even. When I listened to Sarah Everard's mother give that statement, I will remember that, I think, to my dying day because we've all got daughters, nieces, friends. We've got people who could have got in that car and would have done. I guess the question I am asking and what that family must be feeling is from March 3rd, why did it take from March 3rd to October to call for that inquiry? Because that's what I would want to know if I was her mother.
AudienceMember 20211014QT55
[0:56:20] I want to know how the Government are going to change the fundamental opinions of men in the UK and that stems from education, you need to modernise the English literature curriculum and have books that encourage discussion about rape or sexual assault. We are looking at the society of Victoria, which is important, but it isn't encouraging conversation on what's going on now and actually, we need to give money to the police and that, but we need to solve the fundamental sickness in society that men have. We need to change attitudes.

Fiona Bruce
[0:56:58] Nadhim?

Nadhim Zahawi
[0:56:58] When I was a Minister for Children and Families, we brought in both relationship education at primary school, as compulsory and sex and relationship education at secondary school as compulsory as well and we did a lot of really deep thinking, hard work and consultation for that bit of the curriculum, and I think it is really -- teachers are doing a brilliant job delivering that.
Minette Batters[0:39:20] All these unskilled jobs. We will never have a machine that will make a bed in a hotel. Are you classing that as unskilled?
Nadhim Zahawi[0:39:28] No.
Minette Batters[0:39:30] Are you classing people who pick strawberries and broccoli as unskilled? How do you get more skilled than picking a strawberry. They are skilled jobs and they are important jobs. The care sector is important.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:39:42] Can I answer something...
Minette Batters[0:39:44] What are the unskilled jobs then?
Nadhim Zahawi[0:39:50] If you go to Wheelmore.
Fiona Bruce[0:39:54] Wheelmore are having a fantastic night on the programme. Other companies are available. If you want to answer Minette's question.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:40:02] If you go there and you will see on fresh fruit and veg, which is to your point, right, they're putting new capital to work for more machinery that can do everything from videoing how the...
Fiona Bruce[0:40:16] You told us. We heard that.
Minette Batters[0:40:20] They are all doing it.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:40:20] What does that mean? Higher skills and higher wages, Minette. The same is happening across all sectors of the economy. That's a good thing.
Fiona Bruce[0:40:30] Okay.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:40:32] To Nick's point, you have got to work with industry to take us on that journey and not to go straight to, you know, the cheap labour that we gorged on because of uncontrolled migration.
Minette Batters[0:40:42] It wasn't cheap labour. You're paying seasonal workers £15 an hour at the moment.
Nadhim Zahawi[0:40:48] At the moment.
Fiona Bruce[0:40:50] I'm going to move on. Well done Wheelmore. You had a big shout-out on Question Time. This has been your night! Okay. That's enough about Wheelmore! Let's take a question from Ian.Nick Ferrari[0:06:26] in fact, we are a national station. I took calls from people in Middlesbrough and Hartlepool and it was a mixed reaction. Put simply, they want to see more. Big on slogans, little on detail. Look, if optimism could heat our homes, we'd all be in a great place from yesterday. Sadly, it doesn't and we'll be paying the bill. (APPLAUSE).
Fiona Bruce[0:06:46] Nadhim?
Nadhim Zahawi[0:06:48] Hassan, Covid has been painful and I know as the Covid minister what we had to do. Covid deployment for the vaccine. We've put £407 billion in to support the economy. At one stage we were paying furlough to 11.6 million people. The Universal Credit uplift, the Universal Credit, I'll just correct Nick, £20 was always meant to be temporary, it was 9 billion. As we headed to Manchester...Minette Batters[0:30:04] Why has it come to this point? We have been asking for this, Nadhim, for a long time. Why has it come to this when people are losing their businesses?Nadhim Zahawi[0:30:14] The abattoirs have had a -- the China market close to them which is also impacted the industry here in the UK, but we are doing everything we can to make sure that we get things like the English language requirement resolved to make sure that we have the need for those abattoirs to process as fast as possible. This isn't something that, you know, has happened just in the UK. You're seeing global shortages everywhere because the global economy has rebounded rapidly post-pandemic. You're seeing it -- today, a few hours ago on the German economy, falling behind on manufacturing because of shortages of labour and this is happening globally. We're doing everything we can, in my view, to work with the farming community. I think you're right, yes, of course, Boris is right to say you've got to pay higher wages, invest in capital and you get the tax break on that, but we have got to be pragmatic and do what we're doing as we're doing because butchers are on the visa list to be able to come to this country and do that work.
Fiona Bruce[0:47:50] Jeffrey Epstein was a billionaire. He died in prison in 2019. He was awaiting trial on numerous sex-trafficking charges and he was an acquaintance of Prince Andrew's.Nadhim Zahawi[0:48:04] I think that due legal process has to take place. That's important. To the wider question around Sarah Everard and Wayne Couzens, the Home Secretary has announced a two-part inquiry. One into his conduct, his history, and was anything missed along the way, and then a second part is to take that inquiry and the learnings from it.Lisa Nandy[0:48:34] How can it be that the Government has a serious violence strategy and says violence against property is of the highest property for police forces but domestic abuse and sexual violence is not and that police forces need flexibility in order to decide whether it is a priority? Can you imagine any minister saying that about terrorism?Nadhim Zahawi[0:48:58] I hope you voted for the Domestic Abuse Bill. Lisa, I hope you voted for the...Fiona Bruce[0:49:04] One at a time.Nadhim Zahawi[0:49:08] The Domestic Abuse Bill widened the ability to prosecute men who commit domestic abuse.Lisa Nandy[0:49:14] How can this be right? Violence against property is deemed serious enough for all police forces to have to make it a top priority, but not domestic abuse or sexual violence. Why not? When will you address that?Nadhim Zahawi[0:49:28] When you look at our track record of going after domestic abuse or sexual violence, and I just wish we had your support on some of the votes that we had to put through Parliament.AudienceMember 20210930QT01 [0:01:15] With energy prices and inflation increasing, is it fair to take 20 pounds a week away from the poorest in our society?

Fiona Bruce[0:01:23] Anna, what's your view on this, since you asked the question?

AudienceMember 20210930QT02 [0:01:26] Well, I don't think it's fair, I work for the community and I see increased number of parents and families accessing the food banks and accessing the holiday lunches, and it's just getting worse, and it's a bit of a shame that in sixth richest economy in the world there's so many people who are strugglingFiona Bruce[0:01:50] David.David Lammy[0:01:51] It's brutally unfair, it's cruel, it's mean, it's nasty. If you're a carer and thank God for our carers in the last 18 months, or you're a nurse or you work in a prison and you've kept COVID from breaking out right across the prison, you're on 18 thousand pounds a year, that cut means 1100 a year that you now have to pay. It's actually the cost of the average energy bill, so this is a huge cost to my constituents and many millions of people across the country, and it's a choice, and it's coming alongside an increase of course in national insurance. Economists are predicting an inflation rise, and certainly interest rates going up by next February, so this is mean, it's nasty, it's unnecessary and there should have been a U turn.Fiona Bruce[0:02:51] so the cost of it, keeping the cost of it, David, would be about six billion pounds a year, so how would you suggest paying for that?
David Lammy[0:03:00] We said that we would replace universal credit and we wouldn't do this. We've also said…
Fiona Bruce[0:03:06] How would you pay for it? Whatever you replace it with, how are you going to find the money?
David Lammy[0:03:08] We are some way before an election, we will cost that election, we will not be going into a general election with uncosted proposals.Fiona Bruce
[0:03:15] So you're just saying, don't know how we're going to pay for it, but we'll do it, folks.

David Lammy
[0:03:18] Now, I'm really clear, my job is to oppose this government, and particularly when it comes to the poorest people in our country and particularly for my constituents. All Labour members, all Labour MPs agree on that, this is not up for debate. We should not be cutting…

Fiona Bruce
[0:03:31] You still have to pay for it nonetheless.

David Lammy
[0:03:32] …universal credit by 20 pounds. I've said that we will cost the proposal when we get to the next general election, I guarantee it, Fiona.

Fiona Bruce[0:03:39] Is it fair to take 20 pounds a week away from the poorest in society, Grant?
Grant Shapps[0:03:43] First of all, we all want to make sure that everyone in society has money to get through the coronavirus and get back into jobs, and that's why we spent over 400 billion pounds on families, on individuals, on businesses throughout the coronavirus, and we knew that when we included the uplift in universal credit, we said it was for a temporary period. It was during coronavirus, in the same way that furlough, for example, is coming to an end this month, because that was during the coronavirus, and one of the good things that's happened is we see more people in employment now than before coronavirus. We see more job opportunities, more job openings than even before coronavirus, in fact ever now, and we've seen salaries increase.Fiona Bruce[0:04:25] But people are now facing a perfect storm. The Bank of England's predicting inflation could rise above four per cent. As we all know now, because there's so much on the news about it, energy prices…our bills are going to go up, and you're taking money away as well, so the situation has changed.
Grant Shapps[00:04:40] Also we've seen salaries go up actually by a bit more than four per cent, and this is not the only thing that we did for coronavirus, so for example, a local housing allowance is remaining, even though the increase was brought in for coronavirus. We've got children additions and allowances. We've expanded the working allowance. We've introduced healthy start vouchers and increased the amounts of money that goes for children costs being covered up from 70 to 80 per cent through the universal system. So we've done a whole lot of things, and your point to David was absolutely right, it's cost nine billion to run the increase in universal credit up to now, and it was introduced as a temporary measure. It would carry on being another six billion to carry on running. You have to then decide what to do. Do you carry on increasing other taxes that would be a penny on income tax, three or four p on say the cost of fuel, if you were to do that, that would increase the cost of living? So there are choices to make, and the government can't wait until the next election to have to make choices. David Lammy[0:05:38] I'll have to come back on that.
Fiona Bruce[0:05:40] Okay, let's hear from our audience, quite a few hands up. Yes, the man in the black shirt.
AudienceMember 20210930QT03[0:05:43] Hi Grant. Do you still think it's acceptable that any British citizen should be visiting a food bank in the first place?
Fiona Bruce[0:05:48] Grant, I'm going to get round the audience and I'll come back to you. Yes, the woman here in the middle with the glasses.
AudienceMember 20210930QT04[0:05:53] So, for people like me who are chronically ill, how do you justify cutting the 20 pound a week for people that can't get back into work and things are rising like energy bills and rent?
Fiona Bruce[0:06:04] So, just tell us a little bit about your situation then.
AudienceMember 20210930QT05[0:06:07] So, I suffer with multiple chronic illnesses, so my conditions fluctuate a lot, so I struggle with work, especially full time work, so yeah.Fiona Bruce[0:06:18] So, that money would mean a lot to you.
AudienceMember 20210930QT06[0:06:20] It does, yeah, definitely.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:22] Well, I'm sorry to hear that about your illnesses. Yes, the lady here in the yellow cardi.AudienceMember 20210930QT07[0:06:25] So, you've mentioned quite a few initiatives that you're doing, but it's not working, people are still struggling and using food banks, so you need to revisit it and do more. If it was a large corporation or someone who was well of, you would care, it just seems like you don't care about people who are poor and struggling. That's what it seems like, it seems like the government doesn't care.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:46] Do you want to reply to that, I mean, because the thing is, you certainly have listed a whole load of initiatives, but you hear people say, well, so what? The fact it, it doesn't feel like that to us.
Grant Shapps[0:06:54] Yeah, look, first of all, the number of people in absolutely poverty I'm pleased to say has been falling and has continued to fall, and that's because we've done things for people who are in work, for example, the national living wage, which didn't even exist when we came into power, that's actually increased people's salary at the lower end by four thousand pounds a year. It was not even a thing. Now, I understand about the points that the lady was saying about not being in work and therefore the other benefits which would need to be there to help provide help and support. Grant Shapps[0:07:20]Of course, we all want to help people in society. I mean, I actually accept, by the way, that everybody, the other politicians on this panel want to do the same thing as well, of course we do. This was introduced for a specific purpose over the coronavirus. We're coming to the end of that in the same way as we're coming to the end of furlough. If we want to carry on doing things, we have to be able to pay for those things as well, and as I say, we boosted up other benefits in order to help people through what's been a difficult period.
Fiona Bruce[0:07:51] Okay, Kate.
Kate Andrews[0:07:53] Yeah, it does feel like there's something intrinsically unfair about this, like it's a cliff edge for those who are most vulnerable, but who are also trying to work, trying to earn an income, and just not quite getting there. As Grant says, we are in dangerous territory if emergency measures from COVID get rolled over into normal public policy without a debate, without a discussion about it. The government was very generous and spent a lot of money on paying people's wages through furlough, of increase welfare, now we have to separate that policy from the pandemic and have a proper discussion about if we want to prioritise this, how far up the priority list is it, how are we going to fund it, and what are we poten…what resources might be move around to do that? Now, David said his job is to oppose the government. I do wonder about that.David Lammy
[0:08:40] When it comes to the poorest, I'm really clear, that's what I said.

Kate Andrews
[0:08:42] Well, I wonder about that, David, because when it comes to the poorest, I wonder if maybe there's an opportunity here for Conservative and Labour to come together and at least find a temporary solution to this issue. One of them could be that we need to lower the taper for universal credit. Rather than giving a 20 pound handout a week, we can lower the taper from 63p to 50p so that work really is paying more and more, so that when you're going to work, when you're coming home, you get to keep more of that benefit in the first place, and then maybe the Conservatives and Labour could come together and figure out where they're going to find that six billion pounds, as Grant says. Are you going to put a penny on income tax? Are you going to divert the tax that we're now going to be raising for health and social care, are you going to divert half of that? These are tough questions that we have to start answering, but perhaps we can actually care about those who are struggling the most at the bottom and come together on this one, at least for a temporary period of time, to figure out how we could solve this, and try to avoid that cliff edge, maybe even using the system as it exists now to change that taper.
Fiona Bruce[0:09:40] Richard. 
Richard Walker[0:09:42] No, Anna, I don't think it's right. We…I always look at this through the sort of lens of our customers, and we have a thousand shops around the UK, five million customers a week, and many of those are from the poorest communities in the UK. Some of our customers may rely on benefits to feed their families, some of our customers might only have 25 quid a week to spend on food, so in that context, you sort of understand how this removal of the 20 pound credit will affect them. Of course, at the other end of the equation, this is coming just at the wrong time. Now, I think any voter would expect their government to be fiscally prudent, but this is going to come at a time where we will see food inflation in the market – maybe we'll talk about that later – and obviously there's been a lot in the news about the rising gas prices and energy prices, so for some people, this is a choice between heating and eating, it really is that serious. The gentleman mentioned the alarming rise in food banks, there's now more food banks than branches of McDonalds in this country. We're a G7 country, how can that be right? So no, I think this is the wrong timing and I don't think it's fair.Fiona Bruce[0:11:05] And would you be happy to see income tax go up to pay for it?Richard Walker[0:11:09] Yes, I would, yeah.Fiona Bruce[0:11:10] The man there.Male Aud 2[0:11:11] Do we not think that we're blaming COVID and COVID is just showing the cracks in a system that was already there and wasn't working?Fiona Bruce[0:11:23] Munira, we haven't heard you on this question.Munira Wilson[0:11:26] Do I think it's fair, Anna, that…Fiona Bruce[0:11:29] And are we just blaming COVID, as the man says?Munira Wilson[0:11:32] Well, we already had a problem before COVID, I agree, and there was already a record food bank usage before the pandemic, but do I think it's fair on the single mum in my constituency who contacted me, who said, I won't be able to take my daughter swimming on occasion, is that a luxury? Is that a treat to be able to give your child the occasional bit of physical exercise? Munira Wilson
[0:11:52] Do I think it's fair on the disabled woman who contacted me, who said, I'm being told by the Conservative government, just go out and work more hours, like this young lady said in the audience, she said, I desperately want to work, but I can't because of my physical and mental health conditions, how am I going to get by, as others have said, we've seen energy prices going up, food prices are already going through the roof, and many of these people, because a lot of people on universal credit are working, will also be hit by the national insurance rise that's coming in in April next year. 

I mean, the average nurse in the NHS is going to be paying 315 pounds more in her tax, so no, I don't think it's fair. I think it needs to be maintained, I think it's cruel and it's callous, and I think Grant knows that, because there've been plenty of his own backbenchers who have also been saying that it needs to be kept, so when Kate says we need a debate, actually we've had quite a lot of debates, and there are people in all the parties across the House of Commons who are saying, you have to maintain this, otherwise we are going to be plunging people into destitution and poverty, and as somebody in the audience said, in a G7 country, it is utterly unacceptable.
Fiona Bruce[0:13:13] Anna. 
AudienceMember 20210930QT08[0:13:17] I would say the government developed a reputation for being quite compassionate in its approach during the coronavirus pandemic, and I'm surprised now at the fact that the government is shooting itself in the foot really on this particular issue. When you responded to the question about what the government was doing, Mr Shapps, you gave a very complicated answer that there were other measures in place. I would counsel the government to reconsider this measure. It's beholden on us in society to look after those who are in difficulty, like the lady who spoke earlier, and I don't think that the current policy is addressing that. 
Fiona Bruce[0:14:05] David.
David Lammy[0:14:06] Can I just say, it's important to understand that 25 per cent of young people in our country are living in poverty. Child poverty is soaring across Britain, and this is a choice. When this government was asked to act on free school meals, it took a footballer to get the government to act. When this government was asked to have sufficient funds so that children in state schools particularly who'd fallen backwards, the government couldn't find the money, Grant Shapps[0:15:42] Sorry, look, we have to work on the facts here, and the facts are that we need to pay for whatever it is that we do provide. The universal credit system is working vastly better than the system that it replaced and actually handled the coronavirus increase in the number of people who required assistance very well. I hear what Munira and others say about the trap that people find themselves in, and Munira actually mentions that people would end up having to pay one per cent extra on their national insurance, and perhaps I wasn't clear. Six billion a year is the equivalent of not just one penny on income tax, it's a penny on income tax plus three pence on fuel duty, so if you wanted to do that all through income tax, people would have even more money to pay in income tax.And as I was mentioning before, the 20 pounds a week is one part of a much…and the gentleman said it all sounded very complicated, tax and the way that the system works just is, I'm afraid, but it is the case, as I mentioned, that the national living wage has already increased by four thousand pounds the amount people are getting, some of which didn't exist before doubling. Doubling the tax threshold, the amount people could earn from six and a half thousand to 12 and a half thousand, that's allowed people a lot more tax free earnings, so you do, I'm afraid, have to look at the overall amount…Fiona Bruce[0:17:01] Okay.Grant Shapps[0:17:02] …and the COVID support, 407 billion pounds so far, I think everyone appreciates that we have to pay for it somehow, and it can't go on ad infinitum as we move out of this period.Fiona Bruce[0:17:13] Alright, I'm going to move on, take another question, but before I do, I just want to tell you that next week we'll be in Birmingham, with Wes Streeting from Labour, and the former inhabitee of Love Island, Amy Hart. The following week, which is the 7th October, we'll be in Aldershot and comedian Rosie Jones will be on the panel, so if you live in either Birmingham or Aldershot, I cannot tell you how exciting it is to be doing a shout out for an audience, we haven't done it for a year and a half. If you live there or in the surrounding area, do come along and join us. You can go to the Question Time website and be part of the audience and we would love to hear from you. Right, let's take another question which is from Brian, Brian Stacey.Fiona Bruce[0:19:23] And what about Christmas then? I know you…I say I know, I imagine you will want to be careful in terms of not panicking everybody.
Richard Walker[0:19:31] Yes, yeah.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:32] But as candid as you can be with us, here you are on Question Time, what are the shelves going to look like at Christmas?
Richard Walker[0:19:39] Well, I think we all have a responsibility to play…you know, the media does not need to sensationalise this.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:44] No, no, that's why I'm asking you.
Richard Walker[0:19:44] [voices overlap 19:44] do not need to encourage any panic buying, and we are fully stocked. We have full availability at the moment.
Fiona Bruce[0:19:53] So, when the head of Tesco says, there will be some things that will not be available at Christmas.
Richard Walker[0:19:57] Yeah, well, we're different, you know, we specialise in frozen, which has…
Fiona Bruce[0:20:00] Sure.Richard Walker
[0:20:00] …longer lead times, so I'm perhaps more confident in them, but I do think it's an issue and it's an issue that if it's not sorted, will get worse very quickly, because we are stock building now for Christmas, which is the peak time of year, and our deliveries are going down at exactly the wrong time when they need to go up. Now, potentially one of the benefits of Brexit was that we will see wage inflation domestically, and we're now giving double digit wage increases to our HGV drivers, which is a good thing, and that'll cost us money, but it's the right thing to do. However, recruiting and training those HGV drivers will take six to nine months, and before then we have Christmas, so I think the solution, even if it's temporary, is very, very simple. Let's get HGV drivers onto the skilled worker list, which incidentally includes ballerinas and concert orchestra musicians, but it does…

Fiona Bruce
[0:20:55] And just to explain, so that means they can come over from the EU and work here in a perfectly straightforward fashion.
Enter your text here...Richard Walker[0:20:57] Exactly. Exactly right. Now, I know Europe has its own issues with HGV drivers, but of course it's a bigger pool to fish from, and I think that will ease potentially the issue that I'm really quite worried about, as we start to run into Christmas, and also have to deal with all of the issues…other issues that we're currently facing as an industry.Fiona Bruce[0:21:08] Munira.Munira Wilson[0:21:20] Well, I agree with a lot of what Richard said, and let's hope and pray we're not facing shortages this Christmas, but talking to some leaders in the industry this week, I understand that we are likely to have far less choice, and given the pressures because of the C02 shortage, the HGV driver crisis, we are already seeing prices going up, and as we've just been talking about, there are many families that are really going to struggle to make ends meet this Christmas.Fiona Bruce[0:21:49] So what should the government be doing?

Munira Wilson[0:21:50] So I agree that there should be…they should be looking at a visa solution to be able to bring in migrant workers. It's clear that with the immigration changes I think with COVID, lots of European drivers went home, and they haven't come back again, so putting in place a visa route for them to be able to come back, I think is important, but there are also long term changes in the labour market, as I think Richard alluded to, and we know some of the tax changes around self-employment, for instance, and the demographic changes in that workforce are meaning that this is not a short term problem, and what we need to see for a just in time supply chain is some long term planning, but unfortunately we've got a just in time government that tends to lurch from crisis to crisis. 

We need to do some proper contingency planning around our workforce. This isn't just about HGV drivers, we're seeing shortages in our farms, in picking and packing food, as well as getting it onto supermarket shelves. And we know that it might not be the case for Iceland, but for some other supermarkets, we know there's been about a drop in a quarter of the fulfilment of their deliveries on their shelves, and that will mean that probably we'll all have far less choice this Christmas.Fiona Bruce.[0:23:05] The man here in the front in the blue jacket with the glasses.
AudienceMember 20210930QT10[0:23:08] Yeah, I'm just wondering if this is not a golden opportunity to think about more carbon neutral ways of transporting goods, you know, across country, continents et cetera.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:18] Not sure if we can get that up and running for Christmas, but…
AudienceMember 20210930QT11[0:23:20] No, no, but I mean long term.
Fiona Bruce[0:23:21] …long term, long term possibly. Yes, the man behind you in the striped shirt.
AudienceMember 20210930QT12[0:23:25] Thank you. You hear a lot of stories from lorry drivers who are leaving, saying that basically it's not fun anymore. Their working conditions have deteriorated over the last 20 years whereby there are far fewer places for them to go, they're restricted access areas, they are monitored in their cabs by cameras, they are penalised for being late. In the olden days, they used to be able to take their wives with them, now, you know, that's not allowed for insurance and things like that, and people are just finding it a really…it's being put in a way that makes their working conditions much harder for them and much more unenjoyable, so that's another reason why they're leaving.Fiona Bruce[0:24:04] The man at the back there.AudienceMember 20210930QT13[0:24:05] Yeah, I understand that the government need to recruit more HGV drivers, but I'm really concerned that they seem to be making the licences easier to get, in particular you don't need to have a car licence now, you can immediately apply for an HGV licence, which to me just seems like an accident waiting to happen on the road.Fiona Bruce[0:24:22] So you think they're making it too easy.AudienceMember 20210930QT14[0:24:24] That's what I've heard, yes.Fiona Bruce[0:24:25] I mean, Grant, when you hear what Richard says, and lots of industry bosses in the supermarket supply chain have been saying, just give low skilled worker visas to the HGV drivers, at least in all the things that are going, you know, wrong at the moment, that's one thing you could sort out, why don't you just do it?Grant Shapps[0:24:43] Yeah, look, if that was actually the solution, I'm sure we'd move to it very quickly, and I don't rule out anything, but the…Fiona Bruce[0:24:47] But Richard thinks it's the least part of the solution, do you not agree?Grant Shapps[0:24:50] I understand, but I mean, this is my subject area, I've been working on it for the last two and a half years, and it's not something that we're suddenly doing just in time, in fact, I worked on a road to logistics programme with the haulage sector as one of the very first things that I introduced. This is a global problem, it has come directly as a consequence of coronavirus, and in particular we had to close all of the testing for HGV drivers at the DVSA, the testing centres throughout the…most of the crisis, and that's led to a specific bottleneck, which is very hard for people to…it was very hard for people to get their licences of course, because they were closed, and there's an attrition rate for a lot of the reasons that people have mentioned.
Fiona Bruce[0:25:29] Sure, but Richard is saying, as someone whose profession this is, if you introduce low skilled working visas for HGV drivers, it would at least solve part of the problem that we have, so why don't you do that?Grant Shapps[0:25:37] Look, if I thought it would, I would do it. We already have six million Europeans with settled and pre-settled status, but if you go to Europe, Poland, 123 thousand shortage, Germany, 60 thousand shortage, the bottleneck is actually people getting tested, and also bringing people back into the market, and for some of the reasons that have been mentioned, Richard and other people have mentioned it, this is a market in which 99 per cent of lorry drivers are white male, average age 55 to 57, and it's because the conditions haven't been pleasant, but it's also because the pay hasn't been commensurate with the job being convenient, the long hours or the nights sleeping in the cab and things like that, and the conditions at truck stops. And these are things that we can do something about, and a higher salary is something that we are happy to see. We don't think people…we think people should be able to work a hard day's work and get paid a proper wage for it. This is something which will correct the systemic problem which has led to shortages for a long time, because it has been constantly undercut by people coming in who are prepared to do the work.Richard Walker[0:26:38] That will take time. I'm worried about Christmas before then.Grant Shapps[0:26:41] No, I understand that, so the…
Richard Walker[0:26:42] So you think not adding them to the skilled worker list would make no difference whatsoever?
Grant Shapps[0:26:44] Well, no, what I'm saying is, the decision here is whether it would actually make any difference to do so by Christmas. What I can tell you is I've already taken a series of measures. The gentleman up there mentioned about safety when it comes to testing. Bit of confusion in that, that's not the case. The tests are no easier, what we've done is to bring two parts of the test, articulated and rigid lorry tests together into one test [voices overlap 27:08] technical changes to open up more spaces.
Fiona Bruce[0:27:07] The thing is, if you've been thinking about this for two and a half years, why have you only just done it?
Grant Shapps[0:27:11] No, we haven't, we already consulted on it, so we were ready to go with that, I've opened up tests. The main problem though is the tests couldn't be run because of coronavirus, which is not something anyone could…Richard Walker[0:27:20] But we now can't get any tests until December in the south of England.Grant Shapps[0:27:23] No, that is a thing which we're improving, because there are more tests becoming available.Richard Walker[0:27:26] So that's not going to help Christmas.Fiona Bruce[0:27:28] Please, Grant, you keep talking and Richard keeps saying it's not going to help Christmas, and we're all sitting here thinking, what about Christmas?Grant Shapps[0:27:35] Yeah, so let me just sort of set out…Fiona Bruce[0:27:37] Very briefly, because you [voices overlap 27:39]Grant Shapps[0:27:40] We've already added 50 per cent to the number of tests that are available compared with pre-coronavirus. A couple of weeks ago after a consultation and going through all the processes and changing some of the testing regime, doesn't make it any less safer, it simply means tests can be combined and done in a slightly different way. We'll have another 50 thousand tests available, and these are all coming in prior to Christmas, so these are things, measures that will resolve the issues in the lead up to Christmas.Richard Walker[0:28:04] The sooner, the better.Grant Walker[0:28:05] Yeah.Fiona Bruce[0:28:06] DavidDavid Lammy[0:28:08] Well, what Grant Schnapps has just set out…Fiona Bruce[0:28:10] Shapps, not Schnapps.David Lammy[0:28:13] Well he must be on Schnapps…[multiple voices overlap 0:28:13]David Lammy[0:28:17] What we're looking at is a winter of discontent, that's what we're looking at. We have shortages of staff, shortages of supplies and shortages of skills. How…why has this happened? It's largely happened, because the promises that your party made on Brexit, which have not been delivered. Where is the trade deal with the United States? Where is the trade deal with India? They haven't got one. Why haven't you invested in further education? Where are the [inaudible 0:28:41] schools, what have you done about it? Of course, we need to get on with the visas so that these people can come in, and it's not just HGV…
Grant Shapps[0:28:49] So to be clear…
David Lammy[0:28:49] …it's fruit pickers, it's caterers, it's people in concert halls, right across this country, there are shortages. You promised that immigration would come down, and you know that it will need to go up if we're to deal with these problems.
Fiona Bruce[0:29:03] The man there in the blue shirt.AudienceMember 20210930QT15[0:29:04] So we've been talking a lot about the delivery issues. I'm a store manager in retail and have been for a number of years, and it's incredibly difficult at the moment for store teams in and outside of the buildings. Last Christmas was really challenging with the lockdowns opening and closing. This year already we're facing difficulties getting products on the shelves. Isn't it about time that for all retailers, to allow their teams to have time off on Boxing Day for the first time, I just think that really should just be a thing for all retailers. I know some big names have already kind of announced it, but surely you guys on the panel can do something about that to allow us to spend some time with our friends and our family after working such an intense period through Christmas.
Fiona Bruce[0:29:50] And are you kind of of…are you reassured by what you're hearing in terms of what you're hearing from the government in terms of sorting out the issues of…
AudienceMember 20210930QT16[0:29:59] What was that, sorry?
Fiona Bruce[0:30:00] Are you reassured by what you're hearing in terms of sorting out the issues of delivery?
AudienceMember 20210930QT17[0:30:03] Not overly, because we've been seeing like delivery issues for quite a while now, as have our customers, and you can only keep saying the same thing to them over and over, so I really think that the government need to get a grip on this and just make it easier, because it's already tough as it is out on the high street.
Richard Walker[0:30:19] I just want to say thank you as well. I mean, you haven't had the option to work from home, unlike most industries, and you're right, it's a very tough job which is getting tougher.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:27] And would you like to see them get Boxing Day off, your own workers?
Richard Walker[0:30:30] Yes, yes, I would, yeah.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:32] Right, if anyone from Iceland is watching, they heard it here. Kate.
Richard Walker[0:30:36] I've just scuppered an announcement next week.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:40] Are you definitely doing that then?
Richard Walker[0:30:41] I'd better say it now, yes, we are, yeah.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:44] There we are. Kate.
Kate Andrews[0:30:51] If you want to get thousands more HGV drivers on the road, you raise wages, you improve their working conditions. If you want workers such as yourself to stay in the job and not to look for one of the million job vacancies that now exist in the UK to go elsewhere to improve their conditions, then you need to do so. Workers in many ways at the moment are becoming the new bosses. Kate Andrews
[0:31:21]
They can ask for a lot more than they could before. Average wages have skyrocketed. The shortages, the flipside of it, there are lots of problems with it, but the flipside of it is that wages are going up, workers who got us through the pandemic, the people who couldn't stay home, who were in the shops, who were delivering the packages, who were driving on the road, they are about to be valued. 

They are about to be valued so much more than they were the decade before when they were struggling for stagnant wages, and I am really torn on this one, because as somebody who was very supportive of Brexit and thinks has a lot of opportunity, I was also devastated to see free movement go. I've always been a big advocate of free movement, but if there is a benefit to what has happened is that native workers are about to get that big pay raise, and they so, so deserve it, and I think Grant's right that even if you added lorry drivers to the skilled working list, the shortage is across Europe now. It is not at all obvious that we solve the problem overnight. Workers are now empowered to ask for more money. They should do, they should ask for better working conditions. This is their moment, in terms of winners and losers, and there are always are, is the workers who got us through the pandemic that are about, I think, to have some real winnings come their way, and I'm excited to see it.
Fiona Bruce[0:32:28] Okay. We've got another question from Katrin Bass.
Audience Member 20210930QT18[0:32:33] Hi. Do you agree that the police should have extra powers to remove climate change protectors?
Fiona Bruce[0:32:41] Protestors, so…
AudienceMember 20210930QT19[0:32:42] Yes, thank you.
Fiona Bruce[0:32:42] So obviously we've seen these protests on the M25, the government's now taken out an injunction, but what do you think, Katrin?
AudienceMember 20210930QT20[0:32:48] Well, so I'm a self-employed florist, I work for myself, obviously, and I was thinking about that, I was listening to the Jeremy Vine show as I do every day, and they were talking about, and I was quite upset in a way, because if you're stuck there, like in my case, for example, if I have a coffin spray in the back of my delivery van and I can't get to that funeral because the road is blocked, then that's not very nice for these people, especially I've worked all through the pandemic as well by myself, because I got the flowers direct delivered from Holland, so that was actually possible to do that, I didn't have to go to the wholesalers, so they stuck it in my home garage where I worked behind closed doors. So I done loads and loads and loads of funerals, and then so to have to deal with, that hardly anyone could go to the funerals, that was really hard for me as well.Fiona Bruce[0:33:43] And do you think the police should have extra powers to stop the M25 protestors?
AudienceMember 20210930QT21[0:33:47] Well, I think they should do more about it, you know, I've listened so much to the radio the last 18, 22 months, and yeah, sometimes my heart is just going a bit crazy about things. Also if you're for example a mother with a baby in the back, and then you're stuck for five hours there, maybe your bottle runs out, so…
Fiona Bruce[0:34:10] What are you going to do, yes, exactly. Can I just ask, does anyone here support what the protestors are doing on the M25 and think it might be inconvenient, but actually it's the right thing to do, you've got your hand up there.
AudienceMember 20210930QT22[0:34:22] It's inconvenient and it's not the best way, but if the government did something about things, they wouldn't have to take those actions, so if…do something and then they'll stop. 
Fiona Bruce[0:34:33] The man at the back in the grey top.
AudienceMember 20210930QT23[0:34:36] Yeah, I agree with the lady, there wouldn't be a problem if the government did something about climate change, instead of claiming to be, you know, the leader of the world in climate change, why don't we actually do something about it instead of just claiming.Fiona Bruce[0:34:49] Okay, well listen, let's come back to the question. Do you agree the police should have extra powers to remove climate change protestors, so Grant, you have just managed to give the police extra powers, because you've got a temporary injunction to stop the protestors protesting on the M25 itself, nowhere else, is that enough? Are you going to go further? Are you happy with that?
Grant Shapps[0:35:08] Look, I am actually completely with the lady who asked the question. It is completely irresponsible, it is totally dangerous to walk onto a motorway. They're putting their own lives and the lives of people on the motorway at risk. It's counterproductive, because the traffic stands there causing the pollution they claim they care about, in the homes which turn out not to be insulated, and I cannot imagine why on earth anyone would think it was a good idea to step onto a motorway like that. That's why I asked National Highways, who run our motorways, to get hold of an injunction, which they did the other night. That injunction is now in place, but the reality is, that if we want to solve climate change, that is something that this government is passionate about doing. We're moving towards electric vehicles, we've got a transport decarbonisation, a plan for it, which no other country in the world has got. We've been decarbonising faster than any other country in the G7.Fiona Bruce[0:36:04] I mean, the committee on climate change says you are not on track to meet your net zero target by 2050 and your policies have yet…or your ten point plan is yet to be backed by firm policies.
Grant Shapps[0:36:15] The committee on climate change I think I'm right in saying made that before we set the latest carbon budget, gets very technical, called CB6, which puts us on…if we achieve, of course, will put us on track to do it, but you know, perfectly legitimate for people to protest. We have an open democracy where people should be able to do that, but walking onto a motorway, putting their lives and others and the emergency services at risk, it's completely out of order, and that's why I stepped in to stop it. 
Fiona Bruce[0:36:48] David, will you be comfortable if some of these protestors go to prison?
David Lammy[0:36:51] Yes, because I support the right to protest, absolutely, I don't support the government in some of the changes that they've made to protests, but you have to protest within the law. I think there was a woman who ended up with some paralysis this week because she couldn't get to hospital, and that underlies the problem. So I think the High Court were right in their decision. David Lammy[0:37:00] The powers I think are there, I'm not sure the police are asking for further powers, so yes, people should protest, and yes, there's room also for civil disobedience, but I think some of what we've seen is actually not commanding the support of the public.

Fiona Bruce[0:37:33] And these powers are temporary… 

David Lammy[0:37:33] And the whole point of protest is to command the support of the public and that's clearly not happening.

Fiona Bruce[0:37:38] And these powers are temporary, would you like to see them permanently?

David Lammy[0:37:41] I think the police are not asking for more powers, so the powers are there and I think the High Court's decision sends a powerful signal to both the protestors and the police about what's expected.

Fiona Bruce[0:37:54] Man there in the pale blue shirt, yes.

AudienceMember 20210930QT24[0:37:57] Yeah, I mean, I think people might find their methods questionable, but the government says that it's serious about or passionate about climate change, Boris Johnson today is talking about a turning point for humanity, he's referencing Kermit the frog…

Fiona Bruce[0:38:16] It's not easy being green, spending each day the colour of a leaf.AudienceMember 20210930QT25[0:38:19] Although he says it is easy to be green, and yet they're investing in major infrastructure projects like East West Rail that connects Cambridge and Oxford, which will put diesel trains, new railway with diesel trains on a major new railway, and that to me is the government heading very definitely down the wrong track, or Boris perhaps treating us all like muppets. 
Fiona Bruce[0:38:43] The man here.
AudienceMember 20210930QT26[0:38:45] I don't think that blocking a road is the right way to go about things, but I do think that the more restrictions you put on people's rights to protest, the more of a sort of state we're becoming where if you want to speak out, if you want to make your feelings heard, you're just put down straightaway, you're put in an extremist column, and you just…you can't say what you truly believe.
Fiona Bruce[0:39:08] But would you be happy if you were sitting on the M25 trying to…
AudienceMember 20210930QT27[0:39:10] No, I wouldn't, I don't support that, but I believe that the more restrictions we put, it's like where does it end?Fiona Bruce[0:39:16] Okay, the man in the back in the white shirt.
AudienceMember 20210930QT28[0:39:10] Two things, one, I look at the different…not the ones on the M25, but before, and I get the impression that the police don't seem to have control of it, whether they're too soft, whether there's not enough of them, they must have the intel to prepare for this. The second thing, if it were me, and I'm not a politician, I'd take one of them HGV lorries where they're sitting, I'd arrest them, put them in that wagon, and send them to the top of Scotland, make their own back and stop them from bleeding doing it, because it just…
Fiona Bruce[0:39:50] I wonder how Scotland would feel about that?
AudienceMember 20210930QT29[0:39:52] Well, it might…but the thing for me is, they're right in what they're doing as in…
Fiona Bruce[0:40:00] In the principle, you think.
AudienceMember 20210930QT30[0:40:01] Yeah, they're right in that, but the way that they're doing it just really making people's days really bad and horrible, and they shouldn't be doing that, because if they want support, they'd better take us with them, and if they don't, they're going to be like they are now. Most of us agree with what they're about, but not the way they're doing it, and they'll lost that support, and then in the end, it'll have been for nothing.Fiona Bruce[0:40:23] I mean, the point they make is unless they do something very big and noisy that everyone notices, life just carries on.
AudienceMember 20210930QT31[0:40:29] Yeah, but if they went to Moscow, Peking, Bombay and started doing it where it's a real problem, you'd go, well done, we'll have some of that as well, but they don't, it's too easy here because we make it too easy, but we agree with what they're saying, but come on, get a grip of yourselves.
Fiona Bruce[0:40:47] Kate.
Kate Andrews[0:40:48] I'm always sceptical to give the police more powers and we don't need to in the circumstances, it's already an offence to obstruct a highway, so I don't think that's a necessary thing to do. I think the police have a tough job at the moment in figuring out how to facilitate this, but the reality is, if you form a protective circle around people sitting in the middle of the motorway, they're going to keep sitting there, and there's a reason we don't go sit in the middle of motorways, I mean, not that that's how many of us would want to spend our time anyway, but I think there does need to be a really hard line on this.Kate Andrews
[0:41:10]
I completely agree with the right to protest and protecting those very sacred rights, but this isn't normal protest, this is just absolute destruction and chaos, and it is jeopardising people's lives in the back of ambulances. It's putting people in a terrible situation. 

And I think David hit the nail on the head when he said it's about swaying hearts and minds. We're in a great position in the UK where if you look at the major parties, you might not like all their policies by any means, but their voting base is in agreement that we want to make this a greener world, that we want to tackle climate change, but you're not winning people over and you're not helping the cause when you just ruin someone's day or actually put somebody in danger. So this needs to be cracked down on and quite quickly.

Fiona Bruce
[0:41:59] Munira.

Munira Wilson
[0:42:01] Let me be very clear, they have gone about campaigning on climate change in absolutely the wrong way, and are putting the cause back by the danger that they are creating, causing.

Fiona Bruce
[0:42:15] I mean, they might argue at least we're talking about it.

Munira Wilson
[0:42:17] Sorry?

Fiona Bruce
[0:42:18] They might argue that at least we're talking about it.
Munira Wilson[0:42:19] Absolutely, but I think it's important to say, I don't agree with the means at all. The cause I do agree with, and I mean, Grant says, you know, we're a leader in climate change policies. I mean, these people are campaigning to insulate Britain. When the Liberal Democrats were in government between 2010 and 2015, we had a zero carbon home standard which was got rid of once the Tories were on their own, not a single zero carbon home has been built since then. We had an obligation on energy companies to pay for and support insulation of homes, that was scrapped, okay, so we need…the reason why energy bills are going up, apart from the fact that global prices have gone up is because our homes are not insulated very well at all, and therefore if we want to cut fuel poverty, if we want to cut bills, if we want to cut emissions, we need to have an emergency insulation programme. So I absolutely agree with their aims, but I don't agree with the means, and I think we've seen this week actually that the police have all the powers they need to deal with them. 
Grant Shapps[0:43:29] No, I'm saying the opposite.Munira Wilson[0:43:31] And…no, but you went to the High Court, you got the injunction straightaway, and through the injunction you were able to take action. You don't need to go further as you are legislatively where you're going to be cracking down on very peaceful protest, quite often against this government. It's really sinister.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:48] So you're talking about the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill.
Munira Wilson[0:43:50] That's right.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:51] Richard
Richard Walker[0:43:52] Well, you know, I think any rational person would agree with their cause, and any rational person would disagree with their methods which are dangerous and idiotic and disrupt people's lives, and as David referenced, it has destroyed one lady's life as well. The whole environmental debate needs reframing, not to focus on cost and compromise, but it needs to…we need to talk about jobs and opportunity. Now, with regards to the insulation elements, absolutely, you know, that is a clear thing that we can, must and should do, but I believe the government fully agree with that, and they'd like to insulate homes by 2035, but there's 20 million households in the UK, and it'll cost an average about a thousand pounds to do so per household, so that's a lot of dough. So what we need now is to see a proper well though through robust plan, in terms of how we're actually going to scale this up as quickly as possible.Kate Andrews[0:44:48] I'm not sure any rational person would agree with every single one of their claims. They come up with some pretty extreme stuff that isn't necessarily backed by the scientific community, and on top of that, let's point out another reason that energy bills are going up, it's because renewables, wind and solar, this past month, this past few months haven't been as reliable as they have been in the past. It hasn't been as windy, we haven't had as much sun. Now, as somebody who would love to be able to move to a completely renewable system, who doesn't want a greener world, we're being a bit dishonest with ourselves about where we're actually at and what we can achieve. The only way we get to net zero by 2050, the only way we do this properly is if we bring people with us, and we need to be honest about the fact that we have been focused on decarbonisation quite rightly, but the UK more so than a lot of other European countries has undermined its own energy security. We had far less gas reserve in the UK than Germany or France or Italy did, we're in a real bind now, so we need to have this honest conservation, and we might applaud their end goal, but I don't think it's fair to say that any rational person thinks that we should just adopt their policies overnight, whether they sit on the M25 or not. It's that dishonesty that's partially gotten us into this energy crisis to begin with.Richard Walker[0:46:02] Ultimately what we need is a more diverse greener resilient energy mix, and it's not a binary choice of fossil energy or non-fossil energy. We have the biggest tidal stream in the world…
Kate Andrews[0:46:12] But if you speak to the people on the M25, they may not like your nuanced answer, if my point.
Richard Walker[0:46:14] …why aren't we world leading in those? There's a whole load of other stuff, hydrogen, you know, we're already…
Kate Andrews[0:46:18] Yeah, nuclear.
Richard Walker[0:46:19] …we have amazing R and D, we need to scale that up. Let's talk about micro nuclear, there's all sorts of things we should be scaling up.
Kate Andrews[0:46:22] Speak to people on the M25 and they might not agree with your relatively nuanced position on this, that's what I'm saying.
Grant Shapps[0:46:27] Slightly off the actual question which was about whether it was right for people to go on the M25 rather than the power supply, but both the other politicians on the panel have mentioned the police already having the powers. That was evidently not the case when the same people who were protesting on the first day were out on the third day and then on the fifth day, having been arrested each time in between. The reason I had to take an injunction was it was the only way to make that contempt of court and therefore imprisonable, and supporting the Police and Crime Bill would actually hope folks, but neither of these guys are doing that.Munira Wilson[0:46:57] But you got the injunction that you needed and what you're saying…Grant Shapps[0:46:59] But only on the M25, so now you're suggesting I get a judge to go out and do every single motorway separately, we need laws which do the obvious things that we all agree with, but you're going to get more [complex 0:47:10]…Fiona Bruce[0:47:09] Okay, I want to get another question in, so I'm just going to move on, if I may. Sarah, Sarah Blazeby.AudienceMember 20210930QT32[0:47:16] The prime minister has said that we should all be able to see our GP face to face if we'd like to. How can GP practices be supported to provide quality care for patients?Fiona Bruce[0:47:28] Munira.Munira Wilson[0:47:32] Sarah, I want to just start by saying that our GPs have done a phenomenal job throughout this pandemic. They've worked incredibly hard. Obviously in the recent months they've been rolling out the vaccination programme, but they have been working throughout, seeing people, initially largely remotely, and now are doing a combination of both remote and…Fiona Bruce[0:47:54] Okay, but the question is, Munira, how can GP practices be supported to provide quality care for patients so that we can see them face to face, I think that's what you're getting at, Sarah.Munira Wilson[0:48:02] Well, I think as we start to roll out the booster programme, booster jab programme for instance, I think we should be relying much more on community pharmacy, for instance, and some of the vaccination hubs in my constituency, the big vaccination hub has been shut down.Fiona Bruce[0:48:14] No, no, the question is about seeing GPs face to face, not going to your pharmacy.Munira Wilson[0:48:17] No, no, but the point I'm making is that if there is less pressure on GPs from other things such as the vaccination programme, they will be freed up a bit more to see people face to face. We need investment in our GP surgeries, we need to recruit and train far more GPs. There's huge workforce pressures across the NHS, GPs being one of them, so it's about that long term investment. In the short term, it's trying to find ways to free them so that they can see you face to face, and don't forget there are people who actually prefer the remote triage, so where people are happy to be seen remotely, that's probably a quicker way to be seen, then that frees up time for people to be able to see others face to face.
Fiona Bruce[0:48:57] Okay. Let me just put this in context. I'm not entirely sure that vaccinations is the issue, as far as I'm aware, most vaccinations happen outside GP surgeries, but the Royal College…the head of the Royal College of GPs has been addressing this issue, it was pre-pandemic that 80 per cent of appointments were carried out face to face with GPs, it's now something like 57 per cent, and the head of the Royal College of GPs says he thinks 56 per cent is about right, so you then have the prime minister saying people actually should be able to see their GP face to face if they want to. So you've asked this question. Is this because you're involved, you're a GP, or you've got a personal interest?
AudienceMember 20210930QT33[0:49:32] Just a patient, and I understand the pressures on the system, it's just what can we do, what can we do to help?
Fiona Bruce[0:49:38] And do you want to be able to see your GP face to face when you want?
AudienceMember 20210930QT34[0:49:40] Ideally yes, yes, ideally.Fiona Bruce[0:49:45] So 56 per cent is about right, that's what the head of the Royal College is saying. Richard, does that sound right to you?
Richard Walker[0:49:51] Well, you know, speaking as a patient at times myself, and I…we referenced earlier in the show that my frontline colleagues haven't had the option of being able to work from home. It doesn't feel to me as a patient right, really quite nervous, about the lack of face to face contacts with GPs, and therefore missing the nuances, you know, the small things that potentially you can only get from a face to face consultation. Now, GPs are under enormous workload, but these are the terms of the job that they signed up for, and maybe a balance is now available where there's things like the pill, for example, which you still have to have a GP's appointment for, which seems a bit ridiculous to have to actually visit the GP, but all it does, the GPs are the gatekeepers for the NHS, and actually I've done this myself. When I can't get a GP's appointment, I've gone to A and E. Now, what pressure does that put under our NHS, it's not right, and therefore I think they should work face to face wherever possible.Fiona Bruce[0:50:58] Man over there.
AudienceMember 20210930QT35[0:50:59] I think the chair of the Royal College of General Practitioners, 56 per cent just betrays a complete misunderstanding of what the patients of his members want. They might not want 100 per cent face to face, but I'm pretty sure that it's a damn sight more than 56. If he thinks that 56 is about right, then he's very wrong.
Fiona Bruce[0:51:22] So Grant, NHS England changed their guidance in May, which had been the COVID guidance, so that it was kind of triage system, so you didn't get…so a lot of appointments were remote. That was changed, but then actually GPs just carried on doing it remotely anyway.
Grant Shapps[0:51:35] Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, I look, I entirely agree with the question and actually other panel members, people should have the ability to go and see their GP. There are many times where you might present with one issue, but a GP who's skilled will know that there may be some other underlying issue or ask you a question that leads you to go for a further check-up or whatever it is, so people should absolutely have that right ability…
Fiona Bruce[0:51:57] So when you've got the Royal College of GPs saying it's just undeliverable to be able to have face to face appointments.Grant Shapps
[0:52:01] No, no, no, how…when you think about that, how can that possibly be the case when before the pandemic they were managing to see virtually everybody face to face and figures were even higher than 80 per cent, I think most GPs didn't even offer a telephone or online service. So there's no reason why they can't go back to that. The NHS is in receipt of more money than at any other time, and actually, this could be one of the places where the world's changed through coronavirus a lot, and actually there are times, as somebody mentioned, where people might want to see…I can think of occasions where I might just want to phone or have an online appointment, and the fact that a few people do that should actually enable them to get through even more patients. There's no reason why people shouldn't be able to get that face to face and that must be where we end with this.

Fiona Bruce
[0:52:47] Woman here.
AudienceMember 20210930QT36[0:52:48] Where is the money though going to? I mean, is it going to private companies and not public companies because…Fiona Bruce[0:52:54] What do you mean, where's the money going?AudienceMember 20210930QT37[0:52:55] Well, you keep saying that there's money in the NHS and social care, for example, but where is that money going? There's no evidence where it's going to, and how are you funding things?Fiona Bruce[0:53:05] The man at the back in the pink shirt.Male Aud 12[0:53:08] As the general public, if you do not allow us to see GPs face to face, that's going to cost lives.Fiona Bruce[0:53:16] Well, that's the fear, isn't it? David Lammy.David Lammy[0:53:20] There was a problem before the pandemic, so I think it's important that people can see their GP face to face, but that's not going to solve the problem, because actually before the pandemic, some people were waiting weeks to see their GP, the pandemic has made it worse. How do you fix the problem? We have a shortage of doctors right across the country, and actually there are also issues around space and infrastructure, particularly for a lot of single-handed GPs, and you've got to fix those issues as well. I think it was NHS England that demonstrated that there've been a hell of a lot of missed diagnoses this year, over 20 thousand missed diabetes cases, pulmonary heart disease, heart failure…Fiona Bruce[0:54:04] It's 175 thousand diagnoses missed.
David Lammy[0:54:05] …a whole set of things have been missed, and so for that reason, it does seem likely that because people couldn't sit in front of their GP, you know, your GP knows you, he knows your family over many years, can ask the right questions. That can't all be done online, it can't all be done on the phone, that seems obvious to me, but it's not as straightforward as just being able to get back to see your GP if you can't see your GP for four to six weeks, and for some practices, that was the case.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:32] Woman in the glasses.
AudienceMember 20210930QT38[0:54:33] Can I just add that my GP will see me face to face a lot, but there is one GP in our practice that if you do need to see them face to face, it's nearly impossible, and it all has to be done via the phone, which I think is wrong when people are saying that you can get in…supposed to be able to see the GP face to face. Fiona Bruce[0:54:53] Kate.
Kate Andrews[0:54:55] Yeah, it's great that now we can use remote contact with GPs to get a new prescription or deal with something very small, but that isn't really the point here. I'm pleased that we've moved into a world where that's possible, but the point is that for 18 months, patients have more or less been put off going to the NHS. It got so bad at the end of last year that the NHS had to come up with its own slogans to try to recruit people back to the NHS because we were worried about capacity, for understandable reasons, but it has meant that so many people have gone missed, over five million people now in England on these waiting lists, and if we owe any group of people anything, it is those who are sick and vulnerable and who did not get seen in a good amount of time, to be able to get all of the access to the care that they need now. And that has to start with being able to see your GP.Kate Andrews[0:55:40] Now, I don't pretend for a moment that that's easy, but GPs are earning somewhere between two to three times what your average earner in the UK is. They need to be back in the office and they need to see patients who want to be face to face, for those who already know that they're sick and can't get treatment, for those who don't know that they're sick yet, and for those who are just anxious and nervous about what might be down the road, we're talking in some cases about life or death. Surely after the year of COVID, year and a half of COVID, we now really understand what life and death means, and that shouldn't just apply to the virus, it should apply to every major illness, and those patients deserve the time and the treatment as well.
Fiona Bruce[0:56:29] Yes.AudienceMember 20210930QT39[0:56:29] I think that trying to do a ten minute appointment is really tight, and maybe they could have a little bit more time as well.
Fiona Bruce[0:56:36] So it's not only getting to see them, but seeing them for long enough. I mean, Grant Shapps, fewer than one in four GPs work full time, and that's a figure given by NHS England. The Conservative government has been talking…has had at least two go's at recruiting more GPs, actually we have fewer GPs now than we had in 2015. If you'd sorted that out, would that not have made this problem rather easier?Grant Shapps[0:56:53] Well, as…you know, as David says, there are shortages of people coming into the profession, I think, but I don't have the GP number per se. I know that the doctors and nurses numbers are up a lot [voices overlap 0:57:05].
Fiona Bruce[0:57:05] There's a shortage of 2500 full time GPs, according to the King's Fund.
Grant Shapps[0:57:10] Yeah, and look, I mean…
Fiona Bruce[0:57:12] And there are almost two thousand fewer full time GPs now than in 2015.
Grant Shapps[0:57:17] You've got some numbers there which I haven't seen, but I do know that overall doctors and nurses' numbers are significantly up, and actually unusually, I agree with…Fiona Bruce[0:57:23] But not GPs, which is what we're talking about here.
Grant Shapps[0:57:25] Yeah, but the point I make is that we should be able to use the fact that they have been able to open up online services and there will be some people who are happy to do that, because it's convenient for their lives, to be able to see more people over any given day, and the fact that not enough GP services are opening up isn't acceptable, we absolutely think everybody has a right to see a GP face to face.AudienceMember 20210930QT09[0:17:50] What should the UK do to fill the estimated 100 thousand HGV vacancies and avoid empty shelves this Christmas.
Fiona Bruce[0:17:59] Well, Richard, I think you're probably the best qualified to take us through this to begin with.
Richard Walker[0:18:05] I don't know. Yes, HGV drivers, right, well, we as a company are about 100 short, as a nation we're about 100 thousand short, and we have a long term structural issue in this country in that we have an ageing population of HGV drivers around the average age of 57, so we desperately need to recruit new drivers, and of course that's the right things to do.
Fiona Bruce[0:18:36] And is the prospect of empty shelves or fewer things on shelves solely because of HGV drivers or are there other issues as well?
Richard Walker[0:18:42] No, I mean, it's coming at us from all angles at the moment. We have the C02 issue, we have HGV, we have a shortage of workers in factories and fields and processing plants. It's very difficult out there, and my staff have been nothing short of heroic, as have the HGV drivers in terms of keeping the wheels turning over the last 18 months, throughout the pandemic. We haven't closed a single store, we haven't missed a single delivery, but now we're having to do so, and we're missing up to 80 deliveries a day to our stores. This is a real issue that is now impacting the supply into our stores.David Lammy
[0:14:36]
When given a choice, the government is always choosing not to side with the poorest in society. I remember it wasn't that long ago that the Conservatives were described as the nasty party. Grant, you can stare at your notes as much as you like, you're not going to find the answers. This cut should not be being made, it's as simple as that.

Fiona Bruce
[0:15:03] Grant.

Grant Shapps
[0:15:08] So, look, you say you would do all of these things, but the effective tax raise on people under the system for universal credit was 90 per cent, there were cliff edges for people working 16, 24 and 30 hours, so you know, it's not like the system's been perfect in the past. What we've done…hold on, I didn't…

David Lammy
[0:15:30] The food banks we have today are nothing like what we had in the past, you know that. 

Grant Shapps
[0:15:35] Well, in part, that's because you banned the Job Centre Plus for even signalling…signposting it to people, but the…

David Lammy
[0:15:41] It's banal to suggest that, you know that.
AudienceMember 20210916QT00[0:00:00] Is the cloud of questions currently surrounding Boris Johnson's improper behaviour tittle tattle or a real scandal?Fiona Bruce[0:00:10] You have asked the question what do you think?AudienceMember 20210916QT01[0:00:12] I think it's a real scandal. I think it's probably the tip of a very large iceberg, and I think he could clearly issue up very quickly if he chose to be transparent and honest, and the fact he is not being suggests he is concealing something more. It's a real shame. It attacks the democratic process. Voters can only vote confidently if they feel certain they are getting honest and reliable information. Jon?Jon Ashworth[0:01:28] If we think it is we are really descending as a society. But the second reason why it matters is because somebody did pay initially for this. Somebody either put a donation through Tory Party head office, or loaned the money to Boris Johnson, and when Boris Johnson is the most powerful politician in the land, we need to know who is potentially buying influence! We need to know who he is beholden to. We need to know when he received this loan, when he paid it back, why he didn't declare it.Jon Ashworth
[0:02:02] It's not good enough just to say, well he has paid for it and the taxpayer didn't, if this donor is winning contracts from the Government, if this donor is winning taxpayer contracts like we have seen with donors over PPE, and ultimately, we are all paying for it because they are getting something back. It cannot be one rule for Boris Johnson, and something for the rest of us, we do need everything out in the open now because otherwise, this scandal won't go away.

Fiona Bruce
[0:02:38] Anne-Marie?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:02:40] I disagree with that. I think it is an opportunity to make this shift and the Prime Minister was very clear yesterday at Prime Minister's questions that he has paid for those costs for the upgrade of his flat.
Fiona Bruce[0:02:56] He didn't answer the question that was put to it who paid for it initially?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:03:00] He has said he paid the bill.
Fiona Bruce[0:03:04] The question was initially?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:03:06] I can't offer you an answer
Fiona Bruce[0:03:08] You don't know either?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:03:08] I haven't had a personal discussion with him on this I haven't seen him. He has been clear he has paid for it. What's important is here somebody said there's so many different ways ministers are held to account. There are in a number of ways and rightly so the systems exist to make sure that as Jon says that we live to the standard that our voters expect, and the Electoral Commission has decided to look at the Conservative Party's finances and that's fine and how it should be. The Prime Minister has been clear he will indeed if there's a requirement to provide any documentation that's required. He has also don't clear...Fiona Bruce[0:05:00] Sherry?
AudienceMember 20210916QT03[0:05:02] I'm interested to know why er... well firstly, um... who made the accusation, and why was it taken so seriously in secondly even if he didn't pay for it straight away, we all buy stuff on buy now pay later, why shouldn't he?
Fiona Bruce[0:05:18] Will?
AudienceMember 20210916QT04[0:05:20] I think for me, this is just the tip of the iceberg at the moment. You know, since Boris has been in power it seems to be scandal after scandal and legality aside whether it's legal or not, it's just the moral issue. I think he just treats the public with disdain. I think he has got to stop.
Fiona Bruce[0:05:40] Danny?
Danny Sriskandarajah[0:05:42] Look, it's not for me to say whether you know, to pass judgment on this matter but I do know from our experience at Oxfam about how important transparency is, you know, the only way that we have made progress in recent years across the world has been to bring in much higher standards of openness and transparency, and you know, for many people in this country, the hope is that we will come out of this pandemic, you know, this huge shock to our nation, building back fairer because we will create a fairer better society, and an equally important part is to build-back institutions that people can once again trust. I think it's really important, not just on this issue, but a number of other issues we have seen recently that we see politicians go over and above when it comes to transparency.Fiona Bruce[0:06:30] Tim? You have been listening and shaking your head a bit I noticed.
Tim Stanley[0:06:34] Laughter. On the one hand, it's Number 10's fault because it won't answer that question of who initially paid for it. When it doesn't do that, that opens the possibility of speculation.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:46] Why do you think they are not answering the question? At Number 10?
Tim Stanley[0:06:50] Sorry?
Fiona Bruce[0:06:54] Why are they not answering the question?
Tim Stanley[0:06:56] Presumably because the answer is embarrassing that's the only reason why they don't give it. I don't know why they don't give it. Everyone has assumed that there's something underneath the iceberg. I'm not sure there, and it's worth bearing in mind that lots of politicians have charged the taxpayer to redecorate residences in this instance the Prime Minister has paid for it himself. It's also worth bearing in mind that the original blind trust idea he is reported to have come up with is how parts of the US presidency is financed at the White House, it's not internationally ununusual at all. The thing with Boris Johnson is people voted for him knowing he doesn't do things the normal way. He is an unusual character. But they wanted that! They wanted someone who cut through what they regarded as a stagnant, frozen political system to get things done. What Boris Johnson will be saying in the run-up to the all-important Hartlepool by-election is I got us out of the EU and I rolled out a world-leading vaccine programme.Tim Stanley[0:08:04] Judge me not on the character assassinations but on the basis of what I got done. Think back to when we were run by someone who dotted all the i's and dotted the ts and did everything to the letter, Theresa May, her Government was a disaster. So lots of voters are going to judge whatever has happened and it's purely speculative, they voted for Boris Johnson to get certain things done, he has been getting them done, and they don't really care how he pays for the wallpaper.
Fiona Bruce[0:08:34] Martin you are agreeing let's hear what you have got to say?
AudienceMember 20210916QT05[0:08:40] Hi. Yes. Do we really care? I think the general public, they are well aware of Boris Johnson and his failures. I think Jonathan has to be careful because all politicians are tarred with the similar brush, and kind of reeks of the expenses scandal.
Fiona Bruce[0:09:00] Dave?
AudienceMember 20210916QT06[0:09:06] Pause. Three words come to mind, honesy, integrity, and transparency. Danny has mentioned transparency. It's very difficult, and I agree with Martin as well. At the end of the day, you know, everybody needs to be accountable. Everybody needs to be transparent. We expect a certain amount of moral standing with politicians in one sense, but in another, we don't. It's a strange situation because we know that there are back-handers going on. We know there's all sorts of different aspects to politics which as a person you know, a UK citizen, I'm fully aware, and I'm not aware of all the backhanders that go on, and all the inside conversations.Fiona Bruce[0:11:18] Sticking with the subject a minute. Sticking with this subject a minute. In terms of the headway that you are making, part of the reason Boris Johnson is talking about this every day is because you won't let it go, I'm not saying whether you are right or wrong but you don't seem to be making headway. To the people out there so Dave and Martin and Colette was shaking her head and thinking this subject doesn't really matter that much, how can you convince people like that that this does matter.
Daisy Cooper[0:11:48] This anomaly has only just appeared and there's clearly time for the story to run. It should matter. The election commission which is a financial regulator sees the evidence and they think there are reasonable grounds to investigate this. That is a very serious matter and the public are reserving judgment to see what comes out. People should worry Downing Street could have come clean at the start of this week. They have refused to do so. We know the Prime Minister has appointed a so-called independent investigator but the Prime Minister himself can veto the publication of that investigator's report. He is hardly independent at all. The point I was trying to make is this is a real scandal and the real scandal of this story is that hundreds of thousands of leaseholders this week will be left without any financial protection for remediating fire safety defects and cladding on their flats whilst the Prime Minister and his team are concerned about papering-over a story about how he has refurbished his flat.Jon Ashworth[0:12:48] Daisy is right. The country is in crisis. In my Leicester constituency, I have businesses who are struggling, and people who are losing their jobs. We have got thousands across the country sleeping on our streets. We have child poverty increasing and children going hungry. They don't have access to the Prime Minister in the way in which presumably wealthy donors have had access, and have tried to buy influence because they are funding his decoration, and his wallpaper, bedding and linen and sofas and goodness knows whatever else and Tim says with respect, you say the British public voted for that, as if that's great! Well, maybe. Maybe they did. Maybe they did. Maybe it won't play out in the opinion polls. But I actually think it's important to fight for the values of integrity, honesty, and transparency in politics. That is why the Prime Minister should come clean, and explain every bit of this. All the ins and outs.Tim Stanley[0:13:50] Both of you have described this as a distraction I agree, why are you banging on about it?Jon Ashworth[0:13:56] It's about integrity. It's important
Tim Stanley
[0:14:00] Sorry you are levelling allegations which we haven't got to yet because we still don't know the answer to the question of who originally paid for it. If there's a suggestion, if there's a suggestion and there's an uncomfortable relationship between private capital, and the Government, that has gotten worse in the past year, I don't disagree with you. It's a function of the lockdown, it's a function of our pandemic response and the amount of money that we have spent of which there has been no control because Britain has taken the attitude of we will spend whatever it takes in order to procure the medical equipment and vaccines to give you one example. In the course of pursuing Test &amp; Trace the Government signed over 600 contracts and with over 2,000 consultants one of which charged 6, 000 plus per day. Britain has been leaking money for the last year. That's worth talking about! That's worth an inquiry. How much the Prime Minister personally paid for his wallpaper is a distraction.

Jon Ashworth
[0:14:58] But who paid for it. Who made the donation is not a distraction. It is not a distraction. There's a reason why politicians have to declare donations, have to declare loans because people need to see that we are acting in the public interest, not in the particular interest of the donors and those who are funding our lifestyles, so it is not a distraction, it's about integrity and honesty in politics and I still think that's worth fighting for.
AudienceMember 20210916QT08[0:15:28] 
Danny Sriskandarajah[0:15:32] A lot of commentators pose this as an either or issue. Government should be getting on with the crisis or we are distracted but we need both. We need urgent action on the issues that matter and we need transparency. This country we have had the Nolan principles for standards in public life for 25 years because it's a well established principle that you can't have a high functioning democracy without trust. And without transparency. For me, it's got to be both!
Fiona Bruce[0:16:00] OK.
Tim Stanley[0:16:00] We have that because the Electoral Commission is investigating that. I'm asking us pretty please not to pre-suppose that we know the answers. Also don't assume bad faith and the original plan was a blind trust that doesn't necessarily equal buying access. It is done in other countries.
Fiona Bruce[0:16:18] I am going to move on. We could talk about this for some considerable time. You have been sitting there quietly Anne-Marie.
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:16:26] I made the point and we have many ways to look at this and get the transparency.
Fiona Bruce[0:16:30] No less than
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:16:32] That's what we will have and then all know the answer.
Fiona Bruce[0:16:38] No less than three inquiries and let's hope we get the answer.Fiona Bruce[0:11:18] Sticking with the subject a minute. Sticking with this subject a minute. In terms of the headway that you are making, part of the reason Boris Johnson is talking about this every day is because you won't let it go, I'm not saying whether you are right or wrong but you don't seem to be making headway. To the people out there so Dave and Martin and Colette was shaking her head and thinking this subject doesn't really matter that much, how can you convince people like that that this does matter.
Daisy Cooper[0:11:48] This anomaly has only just appeared and there's clearly time for the story to run. It should matter. The election commission which is a financial regulator sees the evidence and they think there are reasonable grounds to investigate this. That is a very serious matter and the public are reserving judgment to see what comes out. People should worry Downing Street could have come clean at the start of this week. They have refused to do so. We know the Prime Minister has appointed a so-called independent investigator but the Prime Minister himself can veto the publication of that investigator's report. He is hardly independent at all. The point I was trying to make is this is a real scandal and the real scandal of this story is that hundreds of thousands of leaseholders this week will be left without any financial protection for remediating fire safety defects and cladding on their flats whilst the Prime Minister and his team are concerned about papering-over a story about how he has refurbished his flat.AudienceMember 20210916QT11[0:17:54] The Government have made available the non-ACS fund. It's very limited in scope. It covers very specific types of cladding and the key thing is fire doesn't discriminate. It's a lot more than just cladding and there's a lot of fire safety defect that these buildings have. It's actually come out that basically these buildings haven't been fit for purpose for such a long time. It's now all coming out, and the Government don't seem to be willing to step-up and do the right thing, and actually protect people's lives because ultimately this is a safety issue. If I went out tomorrow and bought a toaster I would have more legal protection on that toaster than I have had on my biggest purchase that I have put my life savings into.
Fiona Bruce[0:18:36] What is the value at the moment?
AudienceMember 20210916QT12[0:18:40] Zero. This is the thing at the moment. I can't get a valuation on my home. Until the cladding is fixed and we have got an external survey which seems a long time off I'm going to be trapped here in a value-less home that I have put my life savings into.
Fiona Bruce[0:18:56] Anne-Marie, the Government has managed to get a bill through today, but talk to Natalie, it's not helping her?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:19:02] So. First of all, you know, I think this has been such a big scandal and one that the Government has wanted to get to grips with you know, understand the extent of the challenges, and I think the fire safety bill that has gone through today as you say Fiona is the starting point and it's that commitment.Fiona Bruce[0:19:22] How can you help Natalie there now. This has been going on for some time since Grenfell and Natalie is stuck.
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:19:30] Absolutely. The five billion fund is that starting point to make sure that we can start to get to grips with this. It is a huge you know, logistical exercise as you know, we know the extent of the cladding that isn't fit for purpose, but I hear absolutely the point you make which is of course, it is more than that, the challenge is with fire doors and all the access points and those issues. This is you know, this is a scandal that we are going to have to unravel. But I hope very much that the initial stages are going to be a starting point. I think that is the challenge with a number of these things is (A) understanding the scale of the problem which took us a while to get a full picture across the country. And to find the right tools to help move that forwards. I think this is a very difficult challenge. I feel enormously for Natalie I hope very much this is a starting point for solutions.Fiona Bruce[0:20:20] When Boris Johnson says no leaseholder should have to pay for the safety defects that they did not cause, you have Natalie there who is facing exactly that when it comes to perhaps not the cladding but other things like fire breaks, combustable balconies, sprinklers and did he just not mean it when he said that?Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:20:40] He did. And the fire safety bill is the first stage, and the fund to help get to grips with the complexity and enormity of this scandal that we have to help to unravel but, I don't for a moment deny this is a big challenge to deal with, and there's a huge amount of work to be done, both in you know, physical change, and working out where those challenges are. I hope you know very much that we will be able to support Natalie and many others in the weeks and months to come.Fiona Bruce[0:21:08] This is a fund you were keen to bring up?Daisy Cooper[0:21:10] The impact of the bill going through for people like Natalie and the hundreds of thousands of leaseholdsers is devastating. I was on the committee last summer I joined the committee that was scrutinising this piece of legislation. I introduced the principle that leaseholders should not have to pay for fire safety defects that are not of their making, and Liberal Democrats have stood with leaseholders from the very start to the very end and last night we were the ones who pushed the amendment again.Daisy Cooper[0:21:40] We made it clear to the Government that every single leaseholder affected would have preferred for that bill to have fallen last night than for it to pass into law. This bill has now passed into law. Leaseholders who have already received enormous bills for 50, 60, 70, 000 pounds are now possibly going to receive even more bills, possibly in a matter of days! They cannot afford to pay it. They are trapped.Fiona Bruce[0:22:08] Who do you think should be paying that bill do you think the Government can put the onus on the leaseholders or the Government therefore the taxpayer who pays it?Daisy Cooper[0:22:18] I introduced the principle ten months ago. Ten months ago. For ten months, the Government has refused to come up with a system to sort this out. It's on the Government for not coming forward with the system. I support what the cladding action group is calling for which is the Government should stump up the money in the first instance to remediate and make these homes safe they are fire traps. They are death traps. It is outrageous that almost four years on from the Grenfell tragedy we think it's OK for people to live in these kind of places.Daisy Cooper
[0:22:50] The Government should touch up the cash and put in a system to get as much of that money back as possible from the people responsible. Leaseholders need to know they are protected. They can't afford to pay the bills. They are stuck in death trap flats. Some are facing bankruptcy and homeless. Some of them who are not bankrupt yet may invalidate their legal qualifications and ruin their careers. This is a national scandal. The Government has had ten months to come up with a solution. They have refused to do so!

Fiona Bruce
[0:23:20] Tim?

Tim Stanley
[0:23:22] I agree. This really is a scandal. Grenfell was in 2017 and it was a man-made disaster! And, as well as the people directly involved in it, it has also had a terrible lot of repercussions for others. People have found themselves not just living in unsafe accommodation but as a result financially stuck, unable to move out, unable to do anything facing extraordinary costs. What the Government has thus far offered has been a mixture of grants and loans and some of them preceding very slowly isn't enough to meet that. The Government has, I'm afraid I agree in the first instance it's gots to cough up the cash, as the Lib Dems say it then needs to claw it back from the private contractors who in most cases are the people responsible for this scandal.
Tim Stanley[0:24:12] We also need to know precisely what accommodation is safe and isn't safe. We need to see that which is not safe improved immediately because distress, and to finish by repeating, and it's not a financial problem, it's that technically people are living in unsafe accommodation. That should not be allowed to happen.
Fiona Bruce[0:24:36] Colette?
AudienceMember 20210916QT13[0:24:38] So, there's a couple of things here. I mean, who is liable for this? I mean, poor Natalie, if she had a fire now, is she insured? Why is it four years, and what is it going to take to get somebody to do something about this and make sure these buildings are safe for people to live in. Four years, and we don't know which ones are safe yet. Why should the leaseholders be left with this bill? It should predominantly be the contractors or actually, the planning departments and safety departments that pass these off? Somebody somewhere has to take responsibility for this, and it should not be the leaseholder. Why are the insurers in this?
Fiona Bruce[0:25:18] Jo?
AudienceMember 20210916QT14[0:25:20] I would like to go back to Anne-Marie, and you have alluded that this is the first step in a measure of steps that the Government are going to take. I would like to know what those next steps might be, and how that could maybe offer reassurance to the people that are currently living in fear and are in financial hardship.AudienceMember 20210916QT15
[0:25:40] I think Grenfell is nearly four years ago, and I think the Government has had four years to consider the position to gather the data, to consult with industry experts, to perhaps come forward with some suggestions in a road map. Whilst I understand this does offer some relief, evidently it does not resolve the problem. It leaves many, many people in a very hopeless and desperate situation. Perhaps you could tell me your thoughts on the road map.

Fiona Bruce
[0:26:10] When it be resolved for someone like Natalie, and where she's not going to have to be stumping up for these things, and she's living in unsafe accommodation?

Anne-Marie Trevelyan
[0:26:22] That's the challenge Government has. What's the answer? I can't give you the detail of the plan but

Fiona Bruce
[0:26:28] If you know this is the start you must have some idea what's coming next?

Anne-Marie Trevelyan
[0:26:32] What I see, and you know, the way you know, any great challenge is tackled is there's been the huge amount of analysis to work out how big the problem is, it is indeed much larger than perhaps was initially understood, and the challenge is with this first, with the bill, to set this in place and the fund to help and move that forwards. There's an ongoing challenge. There's obviously the work that's been done to make sure that you know, cladding is now safe, that we aren't going to be using the sort of unsafe cladding that was there.
Fiona Bruce[0:27:02] This is a long way to go on that?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:27:04] I think that's right, this is the really big challenge. It is a huge challenge, and you know, dealing with
Fiona Bruce[0:27:10] So the answer is in the nicest way you don't know, not saying that to be mean? And you are doing -- and answer your question. Can't answer.
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:27:18] I can't but without doubt this is going to continue request we are going to have to keep working on it to make sure we get to a point that everyone is able to be remediated.
Fiona Bruce[0:27:28] Let me just I need to get round the panel. Jon?
Jon Ashworth[0:27:36] Listening to Natalie, the fact you have been so let down is unforgiveable, and thank you for speaking to openly and bravely, and I know there will be many leaseholders who feel the same and don't have the confidence to come out on television and speak about their personal circumstances. Thank you for what you have done. I agree with Daisy, and with Tim, having disagreed with Tim on the last I agree with him on this one. Now, I lead for the Labour Party on health, I have not been involved in the particulars of the Bill. I will speak more broadly and say, as it happens, I was on Question Time the week of Grenfell, and the panel and the audience were united in grief.Jon Ashworth
[0:28:20] We were united in determination that something like that should never happen again! I just find it utterly bewildering that here we are four years later, and this still has not been resolved in a satisfactory way. The bill that has gone through Parliament has clearly been a hugely-missed opportunity. It's simply not fair for leaseholders through no fault of their own to be facing not only this great expense, but the ongoing fear of what might happen to them and their children, and their families should something horrific go wrong. This clearly needs fixing as soon as possible.

Fiona Bruce
[0:28:56] Danny?

Danny Sriskandarajah
[0:28:58] My heart goes out to Natalie and the hundreds of thousands of people who will be disappointed by this news today and probably angry. I want to step-back a little about the fear Jo talked about. Up and down our country, there are people, hard working people, who are living in fear about their financial security, you know, we have carers, and we clapped our carers. Yet the majority of carers in this country are living in poverty. We haven't addressed child poverty and talked enough about free school meals. The issue after issue we are sleepwalking into a poverty crisis. One in five British people were living in poverty before this pandemic.
Fiona Bruce[0:29:36] This isn't necessarily a poverty crisis. This is people, and not speaking for everybody but people who have been able to afford to buy their own homes and found themselves in a position where they may be forced into penury but they aren't in it because of a poverty crisis.
Danny Sriskandarajah[0:29:54] We know that more people fell into poverty. If you take each of the issues and lay it upon each other, the insecurity that people feel that will drive more people into poverty.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:04] OK. Let's take another question now from Tim.
AudienceMember 20210916QT16[0:30:10] Hi. With Covid cases and deaths in India continuing to increase, is the British Government doing enough to support India?
Fiona Bruce[0:30:16] Daisy?
Daisy Cooper[0:30:20] No. I don't think the UK Government is doing enough to support India. I know the UK Government has sent medical supplies but we absolutely vitally need the Government to do is to send vaccines. So back in February, the Liberal Democrats wrote to the Government and said after the first four million most vulnerable people in the UK have been vaccinated, we think that the Government should embark on a parallel roll-out of the vaccine through the UK and through Kofax which is the international vaccine scheme.Fiona Bruce[0:30:50] When you say the first four million do you mean to the age of 50? Sooner?
Daisy Cooper[0:30:54] The first four million which was the first four or five cohorts. We are way beyond that now. The situation we have is that none of us are safe until all of us are safe! For as long as people in India cannot get the vaccine, not only will loads of people die but it also means that the virus will mutate again and that will turn up into other strains that will wash-up on our shores. It is both the morally right thing to do, and also a self-interested thing to do to make sure that we get this parallel roll-out. Norway is doing it, the US is sending vaccines but at the moment the UK Government has not yet committed to sending vaccines to India.
Fiona Bruce[0:31:34] The US is sending vaccines it's not using.
Daisy Cooper[0:31:36] We need lots of countries to be sending vaccines to India. What we think the Liberal Democrats think, is that the Government should be enrolling on this parallel roll-out of the vaccine. We know that with all the vaccines that have been ordered, we have a surplus in the UK, and so we could actually embark on this parallel roll-out where we are vaccinating our own population whilst also senning some vaccines through the Kofax international scheme as well. As I say it's morally the right thing to do and it's self-interested. For as long as we don't vaccinate people, they will die and the virus will mutate and wash up on our shores.Fiona Bruce[0:32:12] Danny I'm interested in your perspective as head of Oxfam GB, and can you see, there would be some who would not take Daisy's view, and think I want to get myself vaccinated first before I start sending vaccines abroad.
Danny Sriskandarajah[0:32:24] First we need to recognise how devastating what is going on in India. This is not a wave, this is a tsunami, and many experts said it was a question of when not "if" we would see these impacts. We have seen it in Brazil, and South Africa and now in India. There's a debate about excess stock. We believe the real answer lies in not fighting about the pieces of the vaccine pie, but making the pie bigger! What we are calling on the UK Government to do is to ease the intellectual property rules around who owns this vaccine technology, who owns the vaccine recipes, you know...
Fiona Bruce[0:33:02] Rather than do what Daisy is suggesting after the first four million start sending vaccines abroad?
Danny Sriskandarajah[0:33:10] Do both. But the substantial difference is going to be made when we allow other manufacturers, countries, to safely manufacturer these vaccines, the US Government has said it's considering this seriously but, in the world trade organisation negotiation so far, our Government has blocked those sorts of moves. Yet we are talking about for example, the Oxford AstraZeneca vaccine is 97% funded by us, the public, the taxpayers.Fiona Bruce[0:33:36] And also it's being sold at cost.
Danny Sriskandarajah[0:33:38] Yes but we are putting the interests of a few big pharmaceuticals above the interests of people around the world, and you know, the more this vaccine you know, rips through countries like India, the more chances it will mutate, and the less effective the amazing remarkable progress we have made here in this country with vaccination will be. So, as Daisy says, no-one is safe until everyone is safe. The best way to do that is to loosen the rules on who owns the right to produce those vaccines.
Fiona Bruce[0:34:08] Can you see the Government doing that?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:34:10] So interestingly, when I was Secretary of State for DFID last year I was the one
Fiona Bruce[0:34:16] Department for International Development
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:34:18] Yes now merged int Foreign and Commonwealth development office. I worked with G AR VI the vaccine alliance. We raised 8. 8 billion dollars for them last year over a billion more than was our target, so they would then also be able to help get going on a vaccine programme to help developing countries if and when a vaccine which at the time seemed like a very long way off, something that was possible, we then worked with the WHO to set up Kofax so we could find a way to harness exactly as everyone is saying, the ability for G AR VI to be able to deliver into those countries vaccines as and if, it felt like it, there was a vaccine coming.Fiona Bruce[0:35:02] In terms of what Danny is saying there's a loosening of property rights, what would you say?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:35:06] That's across the world. So interestingly with Oxford AstraZeneca, they made a commitment upfront that 300 million doses would feed Kofax, and we have now invested 548 million into Covak and it's been match-funded by other donors so it has a billion pounds to work with. Part of its purpose is to be able to buy vaccines at cost and ensure that there can be that shared production both for developed countries who are buying it, and also Kofax can be buying for developing countries.
Fiona Bruce[0:35:40] The UK is opposing waving UK intellectual property rights is there any cha changing your minds?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:35:46] The discussions are ongoing with the WTO and I'm not party to the detail. But the important thing is getting those vaccines made! Interestingly last year
Fiona Bruce[0:35:58] That's the question he has asked you and I appreciate the other things are being done.
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:36:04] I'm not in the WTO conversations
Fiona Bruce[0:36:06] But you are here for the Government tonight what is your view?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:36:08] We knew this would be a challenge is the ability to produce the vaccine in the quantities that are needed because, you know India's population over a billion and so on, there's a need for the quantum, and interestingly, Bill Gates made a move last summer said I'm going to create vaccine production facilities, I don't know if there's a vaccine that we could use and there could be a vaccine. And India has been the heart of other vaccines for many countries for lots of years.Fiona Bruce[0:36:38] Big sighs from Danny.Danny Sriskandarajah[0:36:42] Last week, 100 odd world leaders wrote to several governments to say the single biggest difference can be made by allowing the manufacturers, and many places are for the producing Covid vaccines because they don't have access to the rights. It's the single biggest thing to do to create a people's vaccine and make the biggest difference in terms of protecting all of us immediately?Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:37:04] I think the production continues to grow and this issue, and I thinkFiona Bruce[0:37:08] OK.Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:37:10] We need to make sure that we have, and we are seeing and it's so tragic, in India, the breakdown of the health service by being overwhelmed by Covid is something we need to help them with so vaccines can deliver for their people.AudienceMember 20210916QT17[0:37:24] If we are talking about sending vaccines abroad then why do people keep on mentioning in the UK vaccinating 12-year-olds now, when surely it would be more helpful to send vaccines over to the most vulnerable in other countries, and then they would benefit everybody?Fiona Bruce[0:37:44] We are not vaccinating 12-year-olds now, the tests are being done to see if that would be done in the future. Chris?AudienceMember 20210916QT18[0:37:52] What I would like to know is if we develop the AstraZeneca vaccine, as basically, a people's vaccine, why are the Indian facilities us directions for making that to make up for the shortfall for vaccines?
Fiona Bruce[0:38:14] They are, but it's a huge population in India, and they are struggling to get enough vaccine now.
AudienceMember 20210916QT19[0:38:20] In addition, do we need to talk about giving away intellect ual property rights. We could say come on guys you have made a fortune out of selling them, why don't you sell these vaccines to India at cost or use your profits to underwrite the cost of sending vaccines to India.
Fiona Bruce[0:38:44] AstraZeneca, and I'm saying it because they are not here, they are selling the vaccines at cost.
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:38:50] Part of the agreement with Government funding.
Fiona Bruce[0:38:54] Others are not doing that.
Jon Ashworth[0:38:56] What we are seeing in India is desperate and heartbreaking and the stories of oxygen being purchased on the black market because hospitals are overwhelmed. We are seeing pictures of cremations taking place in streets and car parks. For a country like ours and with our deep ties with India, I live in Leicester, we are proud of our bonds with India. Yes we do need to do more! I'm pleased that the Government have done something, and concern calling for them, and we were calling for the Government to take action. We do need to do a lot more.Fiona Bruce[0:39:32] In the letter you wrote on Monday I think it was, you talked about when we have a surplus of vaccines, we should be giving vaccines to countries like India, at what point do you think we get to a surplus of vaccines are we at that point now?Jon Ashworth[0:39:46] I think we have to play our part in vaccines in drugs, but I thinkFiona Bruce[0:39:50] What does that mean when it comes to vaccines? Should we be sending vaccines to India now? Jon Ashworth[0:39:56] Part of the issue in India is yes they need access to vaccines and investment in their Primary Care networks to get the vaccines distributed. What we also need.Fiona Bruce[0:40:06] Your position from the vaccines, and you wrote this in your letter on Monday, and a surplus of vaccines should be sent to India. Is your surplus different to the Government and then sending them. Our position is different. What is it?Jon Ashworth[0:40:26] What we desperately need is an international agreement about shared intellecture property rights on vaccination. What we need is investment in vaccination manufacturing capacity.Fiona Bruce[0:40:36] You think the property rights should be loosened?Jon Ashworth[0:40:38] We need an international agreement on that urgently. We need an international agreement on investing in the manufacturing capability in parts of the world so they can start doing their own vaccine manufacturing, and India can manufacturer but there's many parts of the world that can't. We need an international agreement around genomic sequences.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:02] The crisis is now. Should we be sending vaccines now do you think?Jon Ashworth[0:41:06] Of course. But Fiona, it's not as simple as saying send the vaccines.Fiona Bruce[0:41:10] No I'm just asking the question.Jon Ashworth[0:41:12] What we are facing with India, they have got the same institute, they can produce 70 million vaccines a month, part of the issue with India is investment in the Primary Care network to distribute the vaccines. It's about investment in the health infrastructure to get oxygen out to people. What the crisis has told us as Daisy says, we are not safe till everywhere is safe. That's not a political slogan that's a scientific fact. While the virus continues to circulate across the world, it will mutate, and bounce-back and hit us and could set us back. We have examples of the Indian variant here in the UK and we have got it in Leicester, and parts of London. It's why we have to act now.Fiona Bruce[0:41:56] You had your hand up?AudienceMember 20210916QT20[0:41:58] Yes, I mean, I think it's a little sad that we have to use an argument of self-interest in order to rationalise and justify sending things in India when they are in a dire state. I don't think that argument is particularly helpful.AudienceMember 20210916QT21[0:42:12] I think there's you know, a huge moral imperative to help India. It's going through incredible pain, you know, sending 600 ventilators or pieces of hospital equipment is a drop in the ocean. The British Association of Physicians issued a statement saying we can do so much more. We have empty Nightingale hospitals, and we have huge ties as Jonathan said to India. I think it's a real shame that the argument keeps, we are trying to convince ourselves as a nation we have to do this to protect ourselves. We have to do this to protect thousands upon thousands of people dying every day in India.
Fiona Bruce[0:42:54] Tim?
Tim Stanley[0:42:58] I agree with part of that. I thought Jon had some very good points but subtly dodged the tricky question of what is the point at which you judge the country now has a surplus. Is it for instance once we have vaccinated everyone over the age of 42? Or the case that anything we are doing after that counts ethically as a surplus? That's a very difficult question to answer.Tim Stanley
[0:43:20] I think globally, there's going to be some sort of redistribution of vaccines whether it's the vaccines themselves or the intellectual property rights. It might also be the case here in Britain we hit a point of which we judge that we have protected the most vulnerable in our society, people of a certain age or people with certain health conditions. Now, that is the point at which we should start to redistribute our own vaccines or put other vehicles first. That poses an interesting question to my generation because I am proud to say I'm far too young to have received a vaccine yet, far too young.

Fiona Bruce
[0:43:56] Boasting now Tim.

Tim Stanley
[0:43:58] Am I willing to delay getting the vaccine just as the country is opening-up, am I willing to delay my own liberation from lockdown in order to help people overseas? I have to say personally I very much am. I'm not just being virtuous here, and I'm saying that because I think that those of us who are relatively young, and healthy have got to be willing to balance risk and to take risks to put the vulnerable first, but accept that we ourselves should live with a certain amount of danger because you could catch Covid. You could be done run down by a car.
Tim Stanley
[0:44:32] For my generation who talk a good game on altruism, we could say Britain has a moral responsibility to protect its own who are vulnerable, but beyond that point the moral locus shifts to protecting people who are vulnerable overseas. I agree very strongly with the point that this shouldn't be a debate about what is best for Britain. It is simply what is the right thing to do. I think that would be the right thing to do.

Fiona Bruce
[0:45:02] OK.

Danny Sriskandarajah
[0:45:04] I think Tim is right. One of the amazing things we have seen at Oxfam, and many of the other charities that are working internationally is the generosity of the British people who are coming into the appeal for India. The original question was what more could the Government be doing, our Government is cutting aid, yesterday we found out amongst the cuts will be an 80% reduction in funding for clean water and hygiene around the world. It beggars belief at the time of a global pandemic when there's more people in need of assistance since the Second World War, our second is cutting funding for clean water and hygiene, I can't understand that.
Anne-Marie Trevelyan
[0:45:48] To Danny's point, it's really important, we are still the third largest overseas development aid donor in the G7. And the Chancellor has set out clearly once our finances are in a better place he wishes to take us back to 0. 7 that's a decision that's been taken

Fiona Bruce
[0:46:04] Are you happy the budget has been cut?

Anne-Marie Trevelyan
[0:46:06] I think none of us are happy. We want to do it. But the reality.

Fiona Bruce
[0:46:10] Is it a decision you agree with?

Anne-Marie Trevelyan
[0:46:12] The decision was taken and the Foreign Secretary has set-out his priorities, and how that

Fiona Bruce
[0:46:18] Do you agree?

Anne-Marie Trevelyan
[0:46:20] Um... I think it's very, very difficult to see any cuts in those bilateral programmes, but choices have to be made, and you know

Fiona Bruce
[0:46:28] The sense that you didn't agree with it don't want to say?

Anne-Marie Trevelyan
[0:46:32] Fallen on the Foreign Secretary to make the choices. He set out where his priorities, and one of them was Covid. With Kofax which we helped to set up last year we have the opportunity. The really important point on the vaccines is we don't have a surplus and we are working on a one-in, one out, and Tim's challenge is a really interesting one, and I would take that back, and say that should we be asking those who are, and the vulnerable who are young have been vaccinated so if you had healthcare issues, is for the healthy young is that a question we should be asking? The Prime Minister made a good choice, and all of us felt that was a very good decision, and we have you know, in fact demonstrated one of the most impressive vaccine roll-outs, and incredible effort.
Fiona Bruce[0:47:22] Sure but the point you are making
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:47:24] The key point is it's a really interesting challenge is that the case that we want to er... say, and our young people say, we would rather as vaccines come off the factory line, they are not here yet, but when they do, that we should send them first through Kofax, and get G AR VI to deliver those. I think that's an interesting challenge.
Daisy Cooper[0:47:50] That was the challenge we put to the Government in February this year! We asked you to think about that process of when and how we could have the parallel roll-out of the vaccine. Here we are almost in May, and that's one of the challenges, and haven't a started thinking about the challenge that's the problem! It's taken months and months
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:48:06] We don't have the vaccines to be able to do something
Jon Ashworth[0:48:08] It's not yet, it's not just
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:48:12] One in one out
Jon Ashworth[0:48:14] A debate about excellent at vaccines in this country, and it's also about what we are doing to invest in primary health care, and some of the poorest parts of the world. At the moment, of the 900 million vaccines that have been distributed worldwide, only 1% of them are in low income countries. Some of that is about access to the vaccine, and the health infrastructure, and you are cutting the aid role.Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:48:44] That's whatG AR VI's key role is.
Daisy Cooper[0:48:48] And you cut the -- programme
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:48:50] We put money in to do that to help G AR VI. In the countries where the Primary Care systems are not very robust that's where G AR VI has the incredibly effective way of help them.
Jon Ashworth[0:49:02] Cutting the aid budget
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:49:04] They need the vaccine. There wasn't the production capability that existed this time last year to be able to generate billions of doses and that's growing but we need to you know, keep at it!
Fiona Bruce[0:49:14] We have got time to get one more question in which I know the person who has asked it thinks is very important. I want to say a number of people have expressed interest. Kristina let's hear from you.
AudienceMember 20210916QT22[0:49:26] Thank you. Can there be any justification for the continued incarceration of people in care homes?
Fiona Bruce[0:49:34] Chris you have got a particular reason for asking this?
AudienceMember 20210916QT23[0:49:40] Yes. My late father's partner, a lady in her 80s is in a care home with Alzheimer's, and her daughter is allowed to visit her once a week for half an hour indoors, and no more. She's not allowed to go outside with her. She's not allowed to see her at any other time, and the care home says, oh well it's just too difficult to do, but I can't see why it should be so difficult to allow a daughter to come in, and this is you know, with testing, and with full PPE, and at no risk to the residents who are all being vaccinated. If this person was in prison, she would probably have more rights to have visitors than she does now.Fiona Bruce
[0:50:24] OK Danny?

Danny Sriskandarajah
[0:50:28] Look, I feel for you, and my uncle is in ICU at the moment and the only time we can see him is when the nurse takes a FaceTime Zoom call that we have with him. This is awful. But I think, I generally trust our carers, our health system to try to judge that you know, the clinical needs and the risks with the patient care, and the family interests. I know it's difficult, and I think we have to trust that they are making the decisions in the best interests of people in their care. Tim?

Tim Stanley
[0:50:56] I think we have to listen to people who are in care, and ask them precisely what it is they want.

Tim Stanley
[0:51:04] There's a balance to be struck between protecting people against the danger of the virus, but also between avoiding making people's lives so miserable trapping them indoors all day denying them contact with people that their life becomes not worth living. A terrible thing to say but that's how some people have expressed it.
Tim Stanley[0:51:22] My question is what are the rewards of being vaccinated right now? Once you have been vaccinated and you are in contact with other people that have been vaccinated there surely should be the maximum liberty between those people, and the people in care homes have been vaccinated and the people visiting them have been vaccinated and if we know the vaccination reduces transmission as well as your chances of dying, I don't see why there can't be of greater contact between people. We have to get this right and the very beginning of the crisis, and people in care homes were failed the most because the virus was allowed into the care homes. It feels in some cases as if the people in the care homes have been forgotten, and been left to languish there.
Fiona Bruce[0:52:02] Daisy?
Daisy Cooper[0:52:04] This is heartbreaking and just before Christmas there was lots of evidence coming out about how the lockdown on care homes, under the first wave, carers had been going in and out and waves of Covid but a number of people actually died some pretty traumatic, and distressing deaths because there wasn't enough support. What a lot of people don't realise is that family carers are carers, not just visitors, they do a huge amount of the care in the care home.Fiona Bruce[0:52:32] What should happen now?
Daisy Cooper[0:52:34] Before Christmas I co-ordinated a group of 40 MPs on a cross-party basis to ask the Government to change two or three things. First of all what carers were asking for, why was it OK for paid carers to be going in but not for family carers to be going in and out, we asked for family members to be designated as the specific carer and to get access to the same level of testing that the paid carers were getting. I think what is really important in cases where you have mentioned people who have dementia for example, their decline has been so rapid without that family contact, but this is about the balance of harms. So, we do need to see measures in place to allow carers to see people otherwise they are going to die of neglect rather than dying of Covid. It is unbearable for those people and for their carers. We need to see that acceleration, and care homes themselves are asking for protection like the hospitals have, like the NHS has, if there's, so she have got the insurance.Fiona Bruce[0:53:36] We are going to run out of time. Anne-Marie, do you feel the Government has the balance right? For example, if someone comes back, a British citizen comes back from India say they have to self-isolate but if someone from a care home vaccinated twice goes out for a walk, they have to isolate for 14 days? Is the Government getting the balance right?Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:53:58] I think it's been an incredibly difficult year. I feel for all those who have had family, and many constituents of mine this has been a really difficult challenge, we had to.Fiona Bruce[0:54:08] Do you think you are getting the balance right now?Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:54:10] It's moving in the right direction. We have heard this week from John Van Tam that there's lots of evidence coming through...Fiona Bruce[0:54:20] And safe?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:54:22] As we move forwards, we are nearly at May 17th the next step, and we start to be able to see you know, the greater unlocking of our ability to get out and about and meet people. You know,
Fiona Bruce[0:54:34] Do you think it's right now, we hear what Chris has got to say, and many people have talked about the plight in care homes
Anne-Marie Trevelyan[0:54:42] We have to trust the health professionals. Different care homes are slightly more or less you know, willing to change the rules, rules are not the same in every care home. They run to their own frameworks.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:52] The guidance is the same for every care home of course from the Government. Jon?Jon Ashworth[0:55:44] We are not talking about allowing people with the virus to go in there and test and unvaccinated, and surely we can get a better system in case.
Fiona Bruce[0:55:58] Would you come out in lock step with the Government, and May 17th is obviously the next easing of restrictions would you make it easier for residents of care homes now in
Jon Ashworth[0:56:06] What we are saying at the moment is this particular care home we are talked about allowing just this one visit. It doesn't have to be like that. This isn't a clinical decision! This is a decision about the guidelines, and these guidelines clearly need to be looked at and reviewed.Fiona Bruce[0:56:24] Chris basically a last word from you?AudienceMember 20210916QT24[0:56:26] I think my friend would rather be in prison. She believes that she has been put in prison! And I think it is terrible to think that in her late years, when she is probably not going to live for much longer she doesn't have the comfort of her family around her and just half an hour once a week with one person who has been tested and putting her at no risk whatsoever.Fiona Bruce[0:56:54] Thank you for telling us about her story this evening. We really appreciate it.Fiona Bruce
[0:09:56] So you expect politicians to behave badly?

AudienceMember 20210916QT07
[0:09:58] Expectation is different. I think I don't expect politicians to be -- to behave badly, but I think the majority of the population unfortunately would probably assume that in some way or another, politicians are there not only to represent themselves, but, and you know, the population, but also to go that little bit too far you know. Yes, it's a difficult one.

Fiona Bruce
[0:10:32] So Daisy, it's a bit depressing listening to what Dave is saying and Labour are trying to make headway with this against the Government. Not everybody but a number of people there saying come on does it really matter, and we don't expect much from the politicians?

Daisy Cooper
[0:10:46] It is depressing. Some of us came into politics to make a difference. Actually the biggest shame of this story is that the Prime Minister and his team have spent every single day this week trying to paper-over this story, and cover-up the source of funding for a flat refurb whilst at the same time pushing-through the fire safety bill in Parliament which is leaving thousands, hundreds of thousands of innocent leaseholders without any financial.
Jon Ashworth[0:00:40] I totally agree with Alex. It is a scandal! The reason why these questions are continuing to circulate is because Boris Johnson has failed to provide a full and Frank explanation as to who paid for the lavish upgrade of his Downing Street flat.Fiona Bruce[0:00:56] Of course he says that he has paid for it. The question is who paid for it initially?Jon Ashworth[0:01:04] Indeed, indeed. This matters. It matters I believe for two reasons. First it matters in its own right, because we as politicians should be held to higher standards, and we should stand for principles of honesty, and integrity, and it's not good enough to say, oh this is just typical Boris Johnson, we know he lies, we know he plays fast and loose, it's just the way he is. That isn't good enough.Jon Ashworth[0:54:56] Well, I mean, the way in which this pandemic has impacted upon those in receipt of Adult Social Care is possibly one of the cruelest and most brutal savage consequences of the crisis. For somebody to be in Social Care, of course they need to be protected and not exposed to virus, and of course, staff have to have proper PPE, and of course, loved-ones have to be tested and so on. But to not allow a resident to see their loved-ones more than once a week, or whatever the particular procedure is in that care home I just think is scandalous, and it doesn't have to be like that now when we have got PPE in place, and infection control procedures in place when there's vaccination being rolled-out and testing.Fiona Bruce

[0:03:46] Why not answer the question of who initially paid
for it, he must know.

 
Anne-Marie Trevelyan

[0:03:50] I think he has answered the question.

 
Fiona Bruce

[0:03:54] Why has he not answered the question of who
initially?

 Anne-Marie Trevelyan

[0:03:56] I'm comfortable with the fact he said it has been
paid for out of his pocket that's fine and should there be alternatives that
the Electoral Commission needs to investigate he said he is happy to provide
any documentation that's required. Indeed he has also been very clear that
officials have made sure all the way through that everything was fine and I'm
very comfortable with the Prime Minister's answer.

 
Fiona Bruce

[0:04:16] There's lots of hands up let's hear from some of
our audience Hannah?

 AudienceMember 20210916QT02

[0:04:20] It's the -- we are saying he said he has paid for
it, but again like you have said, he hasn't said who initially paid for it. Did
he always intend to pay for it, that's the thing. Was this -- he saw as a way
of cash for access as we have seen with Cameron? And lobbying, we have had that
very recently. There's no, there hasn't been a clear answer. Can you say that
there has because he said he has covered the cost, but when he covered that
cost, and did he actually anticipate covering that cost when the money was
originally spent. I don't think that's been answered at all.Fiona Bruce[0:00:00] Our first question is from Rita.AudienceMember 20210902QT07[0:00:02] (1) we had an entry strategy to fight the war in Afghanistan. Why have we failed on the exit strategy?Fiona Bruce[0:00:12] James Cleverly?James Cleverly[0:00:14] Thank you. There was a very clear imperative for the west, NATO, to initiate the action in Afghanistan. The attacks on the world trade centres were devastating, British people lost their lives of course, as well as the Americans, and Al-Qaeda was being harboured in Afghanistan, so the initial entry was to prevent Al-Qaeda from using Afghanistan as a base of operations, and that initial mission was a success.Fiona Bruce[0:00:48] So why did we fail on the exit strategy? That is Rita's question.James Cleverly[0:00:52] Over the last 20 years, there have been no successful terrorist attacks emanating from Afghanistan. We then chose collectively also to seek to bring about a positive change in Afghanistan, support women's emancipation, education, the implementation ...Fiona Bruce[0:01:10] James, the question is why have we failed on the exit strategy?James Cleverly[0:01:14] To implement democracy, and that has proven to be a much, much harder proposition. The British position had always been that we wanted to have an exit based on certain criteria, certain conditions that had been met.Fiona Bruce[0:01:28] Do you think that has happened?James Cleverly[0:01:28] The American administration obviously felt they wanted to leave within a particular time frame, and we've now seen that there has been, both from the Trump administration and the Biden administration, a delivery on that American domestic, American decision, and we are now seeing the ripple effects from that. There is still work to do. We need to make sure that we embed the successes that we have had, and there have been some successes, and we also need to make sure that Afghanistan doesn't once again become the place where terrorist attacks happen.Fiona Bruce[0:02:04] Rory?
Rory Stewart[0:02:04] The reason why it failed is that it was reckless, shameful, essentially the entire Afghan air force was destroyed as we left, and the American forces left overnight. The big question is why were we pushing for the exit at all? In South Korea, the United States has been there for 70 years. They've got 25,000 troops there. If they had left after to help the years, they would have left at a time when South Korea had a GDP per capita lower than the Congo in a military dictatorship. If you are going to get involved, get involved patiently, and we had a Lightfoot print of 2,000 British and American soldiers that could have remained there with very few casualties at low cost. This was an unnecessary reckless defeat.AudienceMember 20210902QT08
[0:02:50] (2) My question is to James. You said to implement democracy. The two are contrasting things. How can you peacefully implement democracy? 

James Cleverly
[0:02:58] There is definitely a demand for for democracy. We've seen this.

Nelufar Hedayat
[0:03:06] From the Afghan people?

James Cleverly
[0:03:06] From a quarter of the members of the jirga, the Afghan parliament, they are women. There's been a real demand for women's ...

Nelufar Hedayat
[0:03:16] By whom. This is what it difficult. By whom? James, by whom? The problem is, when we talk about Afghanistan, to Afghans, we talk at Afghans, never with them. I watch the news that comes out of Afghanistan made by the people that is about the land they're from. I promise you, the democracy was forced on to them. You mentioned a moment ago that success was achieved, and that terrorism, the threat of it was removed for a time. "Was".
Nelufar Hedayat[0:03:48] We're back in that frame now, and this foolhardy attempt at withdrawing a troop - an offensive that could have been stopped by the Taliban does not need more troops on the ground, but it needs a commitment from the Western forces, and that is what we've been lacking.
Fiona Bruce[0:04:04] You have family there still. What are you hearing from family and friends?
Nelufar Hedayat[0:04:08] These aren't just spaces we see on TV when we're watching the News at 10. These are my Fry and friends. My uncle is in Afghanistan staying put told not to move for fear of being caught by the Taliban. I made a documentary on the BBC ten years ago with my family who talked in really negative terms about what the Taliban were.Nelufar Hedayat
[0:04:28] My auntie out there is a teacher of a girls' school. We've just left them, holding a hot potato. We've left them to deal with it with a group that, over the last 20 years, have become calculating, have become smart, and decided and know how to work the propaganda game. This Taliban 2.0 is a propaganda scheme and asking the rest of the world is watching unfold while the Afghan people are yet again left holding ...

Fiona Bruce
[0:04:52] Man in the brown shirt.

AudienceMember 20210902QT09
[0:04:54] (3) The exit was an American unilateral decision, so are we powerless or choose to follow blindly?

Fiona Bruce
[0:05:02] I'm going to go around the audience a little bit.

AudienceMember 20210902QT10
[0:05:06] (4) I don't think, James, that you answered the question. The question was is what was the exit strategy? You clearly haven't answered that question. It seems to me there was no exit strategy that had any mindful bearing on what the Afghan people actually wanted or needed.

Fiona Bruce
[0:05:22] I will come back to you on that in a moment, James.

AudienceMember 20210902QT11
[0:05:26] (5) Does Afghanistan have an appetite for democracy? Does it work out there? Can it fit in?

Nelufar Hedayat
[0:05:32] Afghans have an appetite for freedom, for justice, for fairness, for equality, for acceptance - all of the things that everyone in this room recognises.
Fiona Bruce[0:05:44] Rita, let me come to you.
Lisa Nandy[0:05:50] I think first to acknowledge that the entry strategy was flawed as well. It was absolutely right, as James said, after the 9/11 attacks, for the UK to want to respect that Article 5 of the NATO Agreement had been invoked, that we have a duty to come to the mutual aid of NATO member states that British citizens have been some of the second biggest victims of the 9/11 attacks outside of the United States, and that there was a real need to degrade the capability of Al-Qaeda, but those decisions were flawed in that there was no real understanding of the complexity of what then had to come next, and so this has long and deep roots. There have been a series of political and strategic failures over a very long period of time that led to here. To answer your question ...
Nelufar Hedayat[0:06:40] Both on the left and the right, that is really important to mention.
Lisa Nandy[0:06:44] And both sides of the Atlantic, I accept that, and it's really important to have a level of humility about that.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:50] What are Labour's failings in this issue?
Lisa Nandy[0:06:54] The decision to go in in the first place was taken when George Bush was in power on one side of the Atlantic and Labour was in power on the other. There are lessons that we are going to have to learn about the last 20 years in Afghanistan. We should not shy away from learning those lessons about the role that my party played, just as we should not shy away from learning the lessons that James' party has played as well.Lisa Nandy[0:07:12] To answer your question very directly, what we've seen unfold in the last few months was not inevitable, it was a consequence, as Rory said, by a decision of the United States to withdraw, which left the UK in a difficult position, and I acknowledge and respect that the decision by Joe Biden to put a firm end date of the withdrawal obviously to motivate the Taliban and give them a signal they could advance across the country. It had a huge impact on the morale of the Afghan forces as well and undermined the efforts that had been made to try to strengthen their resilience. If I could say this too: our government had 18 months to prepare - 18 months ago - in Doha, there was an agreement that the US would be leaving, and Joe Biden has always made clear that he would respect that agreement. To see these scenes at the airport, to see the Defence Secretary saying that now because of our failure to plan, people will be left behind, and they will die, this is unacceptable, and it is an unparalleled moment of shame for this government. [Applause].Fiona Bruce[0:08:26] Mehdi, let's hear the view from Washington.
Mehdi Hasan[0:08:30] I think the answer to the question why was there no exit strategy is because we were lied to. I mean, we were lied to from the very beginning. We were always told that Afghanistan was the good war, and Iraq was the bad war. You know what? Afghanistan had its own share of lies. We were told there was no alternative to going to war, even though it was reported at the time that the Taliban were willing to hand over bin Laden to a third country if Bush offered proof. Bush said no. The Taliban in 2001 offered to surrender as long as their leaders were kept safe in Kandahar, Donald Rumsfeld no, unconditional surrender. How did that work out? For 20 years, Obama, Trump, Blair, Brown, Cameron, May, Johnson - all lied to us. 20 years with turning the corner, "We're going to win, it's going well. Democracy's coming. The Taliban are on the run." What do we get for 20 years? 457 UK dead, 2,488 American dead, 47 Afghan dead civilians, 69 Afghans and police officers. At what point do we say enough is enough? We have to end this, but it has to end. I don't accept for region nationality. South Korea, we've not been experiencing a 20-year armed insurgency. We cannot have endless war mongering. Doing the same thing over and over again, and expecting different results.Rory Stewart
[0:10:00] You're massively misrepresenting the situation. Combat operations finished in 2014. You're living in the past. There have been very few US or UK casualties. This is one of the problems with the line that Biden is selling. Since 2014.

Mehdi Hasan
[0:10:18] Why do you think it is, Rory?

Rory Stewart
[0:10:20] Because we were conducting since 2014 air operations from bases in support of the Afghan national army. There was no significant pressure against our forces on the ground, they were never tested. This idea that Biden is selling, and that you're trying to sell, that we were still stuck in the middle of a bloody civil war, and we had no alternative other than to leave, is totally false to the millions of Afghans, the millions of Afghans whose lives have been improving over the last few years. You're much too pessimistic about what has been happening in Kabul. I don't know when you were last in Kabul. When were you last in Kabul? When I was in there in November I can assure you that people that I've been working with for 20 years are in a much better situation than they were before.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:06] Let's hear the response from Mehdi.
Mehdi Hasan[0:11:08] First of all, the last US soldier died in February 2020. Do you know what happened in February 2020? Donald Trump signed a withdrawal agreement with the Taliban, this idea that you could stay in a stalemate Afghans made it easy for us to leave, according to the polls ... of the Afghans wanted them out as of last January. You talk about air operations. 330% increase in civilian casualties from our air attacks between 2017 and 2020. When you were in Afghanistan, Rory, did you go and talk to the families of the people we killed?
Nelufar Hedayat[0:11:42] I do. And I can tell you one thing ...
Fiona Bruce[0:11:44] Rory, just one minute. I need to bring other people in as well.
Nelufar Hedayat[0:11:48] It's important to remember, as we talk as often we do in the West, we lob insults at each other, you did this wrong, United States, you did this wrong, Tories, Labour Party - frankly, from what I'm hearing from my colleagues and family in Afghanistan, we are sick of it. The deadliest year in this battle in Afghanistan was 2019 for the Afghan people. That's the year that most Afghans died. So to act as though, with respect to both of you, as though this is some sort of political game, as we've often heard, as a journalist myself, I've covered these stories, it's a political football that gets kicked from here to there, and the Afghan people pay in blood. [Applause].
Fiona Bruce[0:12:30] A lot of hands up. Let's hear from our audience.
AudienceMember 20210902QT12[0:12:34] (6) So, one of the things that I wanted to ask is part of the entry strategy was to fight for the emancipation of women. What would you say to the 20 million people, 20 million women who have last their rights overnight?
Fiona Bruce[0:12:50] Man there in the blue shirt?
AudienceMember 20210902QT13[0:12:52] (7) We all totally agree that what is happening right now is terrible, and it wasn't inevitable, but can't we all just agree that we totally underestimated the Taliban forces in the first place?
Nelufar Hedayat[0:13:04] Their resilience, yes.
AudienceMember 20210902QT14[0:13:08] (8) It seems to be at any level a disaster and a tragedy, but for, from a reputational point of view, America, with their allies, like Great Britain, are going to police the world in the future, what lessons are going to be learned before we step foot in somebody else's land and try and nation-build in the way that we have in Iraq and Afghanistan? [Applause].
Fiona Bruce[0:13:32] Let's hear from the woman in the front here in the blue.
AudienceMember 20210902QT15[0:13:34] (9) Coming back on some of these points here, we supposedly entered Afghanistan with a mission to implement democracy, a Western white version of democracy. I lived for a few years in the Middle East, as a child, but even as a child, it was quite obvious to me that the social, cultural, historical values bring forward a very different way of society working.AudienceMember 20210902QT16[0:14:00] How on earth could you take one person's values and methods into a completely different country and expect it to work, and, when it doesn't, just walk away and brush your hands and go, "Oh, well, it didn't work, anyway, let's look after our very brave soldiers and service people" and not expect there not to be an enormous mess left behind? You've completely upended somebody's country, their social structure, their political structure - in some cases, their religious and cultural structure - and now we're just saying, "Oh, well, anyway, it doesn't seem to be working, let's go." At some point, people have to take responsibility for that. I don't care if it Labour, Conservative, British, American, who it is. We've gone in, we've made a mess. We have to take responsibility to that mess.

Fiona Bruce[0:14:54] James, let me come back to you. A number of points have been put to you, a tall order to answer them all. A lady at the back said you didn't answer the original question: why have we failed the exit strategy? Boris Johnson said today in parliament it is not true to say the UK government was not prepared or didn't foresee this, it was certainly part of the planning. If this was the UK government prepared, what would have "unprepared" looked like?James Cleverly[0:15:18] I think the point specifically, to answer your specific point, Rita, is that once the Doha Agreement had been signed, once it was clear the United States were going to work to a timetable rather than a set of conditions, we started putting things in place. In April, we gave Foreign Office travel advice to tell British nationals to leave Afghanistan. We set up the ARAP scheme for interpreters, and other Afghans who had worked with British forces, Western forces.Fiona Bruce[0:15:50] In terms of the scenes we've just seen, James, because we only have an hour, Boris Johnson said today ...James Cleverly[0:15:58] Eadvantageses.Fiona Bruce[0:16:00] Eadvantageses were a set up two weeks ago.James Cleverly[0:16:04] In April, we set up the scheme to allow Afghan interpreters and similar people to leave Afghanistan. We've resettled over 3,300 people in that scheme and their families.AudienceMember 20210902QT17[0:16:18] (11) don't carry on. Answer the question.James Cleverly[0:16:20] The plan to use air assault 16 brigade.AudienceMember 20210902QT18[0:16:28] (12) this is rhetoric.Fiona Bruce[0:16:32] The question is why have we failed on the exit strategy. You feel we haven't failed?James Cleverly[0:16:36] I was explaining what the exit strategy was.AudienceMember 20210902QT19[0:16:38] (14) how materially effective is that?James Cleverly[0:16:42] The time set by the decision he's of the American government.AudienceMember 20210902QT20[0:16:46] (15) you carry on talking how materially effective has it become? If it was effective, we wouldn't be having this conversation today, we would? [Applause] How dare you! How dare you!James Cleverly[0:17:00] We ... the UK has repatriated a greater proportion of Afghan interpreters and support staff than any other coalition partner in the country.AudienceMember 20210902QT21[0:17:12] (16) I'm not interested in any other.Nelufar Hedayat[0:17:16] The solution is not just to remove the brightest and the best of Afghanistan. The last time this happened, to your point: the last time this happened, I happened. I left the country I was born in, and I came here. And I'm a proud Brit. I'm a tax-paying citizen, I try to do good, I give to charity, I work in my civil community, I vote, I do all those things. But I could have done all of this where I'm from. I could have done of this in Afghanistan. So just to remove everyone that we worked with that that was the brightest and the best is not a total solution. All solutions should be on the table - I'm not saying they shouldn't - but moving a few thousand - 5,000, that's how many we expect to bring over the next year. What does that number mean? Does that satisfy anyone here?
Fiona Bruce[0:18:00] We have a question on this. Let's hear from Bethany.
AudienceMember 20210902QT22[0:18:04] (17) So how many refugees should the UK accept from Afghanistan?
Fiona Bruce[0:18:08] Has Labour put a number on this?
Lisa Nandy[0:18:12] No, and one of the reasons we haven't put a number on this because it depends in part on the scale of the crisis about to unfold so we don't know what that is yet. We've said the government should make a big and generous offer, we said they should prioritise those people who are being targeted by the Taliban.Fiona Bruce[0:18:28] What does it look like?Lisa Nandy[0:18:28] Already their involvement with the UK and many of those people are in touch with us at the moment. They can't get through the roadblocks, can't get to the airport, even though the government is saying we will process your visa applications, they practically can't do it.Fiona Bruce[0:18:44] 5,000 in the first year, up to 20,000, does that sound realistic? Is that number supported?Lisa Nandy[0:18:50] I'm really glad the government has changed tack from the weekend when they seemed to be suggesting they didn't want to offer any assistance at all.James Cleverly[0:18:56] That's rubbish.Lisa Nandy[0:18:58] Sorry, the Home Office was briefing the media that if the government offered assistance, more people would come, and that's why they were reluctant to do. Now, the Home Secretary had a different line this morning, and I'm really glad about that, but what she is proposing, let's be clear about this, is up to 5,000 in the first year. Up to 5,000 people, when we already know that the scale of this crisis is going to be way beyond that.Fiona Bruce[0:19:24] I want to pin you down. How many refugees?Lisa Nandy[0:19:26] I know ...Fiona Bruce[0:19:28] Not a number, but hear me out, could you at least say whether the government is on the right track talking about 20,000? Do you think it should be more than that?Lisa Nandy[0:19:36] I don't think they are on the right track for two reasons. One is that it is absolutely clear that 5,000 is too small a number over the next 12 months and we've got to make a more generous offer than that. The second reason I don't think this is sufficient is because what became apparent today is that there is absolutely no plan to deliver it.Lisa Nandy[0:19:52] The Home Secretary has not picked up the phone to any of the local authorities or mayors who have offered to take refugees. The funding for this looks it may come from the increase in the aid budget that the Foreign Secretary announced today, and what that does - this is the problem, and this goes to your point - is if we take money out of the aid budget that we're now trying to put back into Afghanistan, having taken it out in the last few years, if we take that money out in order to support refugees here, we are pitting people who can get out of Afghanistan against people who want to stay and be supported in Afghanistan, and, frankly, after the long history of involvement that the UK has, and the promises that we made to the Afghan people, we ought to be able to do both.
Fiona Bruce[0:20:36] Rory, how many refugees should the UK accept from Afghanistan?
Rory Stewart[0:20:40] First fact: at the end of the Taliban period, there were 4 million Afghan refugees outside the country, to give you an idea of the scale of it, right? Those people mostly returned to Afghanistan when the Taliban left, which challenges this narrative coming out of Biden, and I'm afraid from other people, that somehow nothing improved in Afghanistan. Why did those people come back if nothing is improving? Second thing: too much of the debate here in Britain and the United States is focused on military interpreters. There are many, many other courageous Afghans, civil crypto currencies, people who have worked with our charities, journalist, human rights activists, teachers --Fiona Bruce[0:21:18] Are these people contacting you trying to get out?
Rory Stewart[0:21:22] Absolutely. I'm sure, my phone, and I'm sure everybody else here, is teeming with literally thousands of people coming through different methods trying to get out. People are genuinely terrified. At the moment, you cannot get to the airport. There are Taliban checkpoints all the way to the airport. The military won't let you in. The conditions set by the US and the UK are very narrow, and above all, the answer to this million international -- what the UK should be doing is working with other partners to share the burden. More than 40 countries were involved. If we share the burden, we can do this. It was done for the South Vietnamese boat people. It can be done for Afghanistan, but it cannot be done by individual countries offering 5,000 a year. [Applause].
Nelufar Hedayat[0:22:06] There is a lot of talk of nation-building, and we think it's like a Lego system that we can pick up from Britain and implement in Afghanistan, like we thought with the military system, like we thought with this idea of governance, or giving -- forcing democracy down the throat of every Afghan, whether they wanted it or not. Nation-building by Afghans for Afghans is what all of you should be thinking about. [Applause].Fiona Bruce
[0:22:32] Mehdi?

Mehdi Hasan
[0:22:34] I want to come on to the refugees, I want to agree with Rory, about burden-sharing, given that Pakistan and Iran have millions of refugees. Let's remember where the majority have always been - not in the West. Rory made a dig about me not thinking things haven't improved. Of course I'm not denying things haven't improved in many areas over 20 years. I'm saying after 20 years, two trillion dollars and tens of thousands of people dead, clearly haven't improved enough, and the government collapses, politicians like Rory, and all politicians should begin any comment on Afghanistan with an apology first and then an explanation. On refugees, there are ... Afghans waiting to hear about their asylum applications. What will happen to them? I assume they will get leave to remain. Up until Monday morning the Home Office's official guidance said they could be returned to Kabul safely, which I find absurd. That needs to be changed. There are hundreds of "failed" asylum seekers from Afghanistan waiting to be deported to Afghanistan. The Home Office said they're on a pause. Don't pause it. I would like James Cleverly to give an assurance that not a single Afghan will be deported from the UK to any Taliban-run Afghanistan, that ought to be the first premise, the people who are already here and fearing for their lives.
Fiona Bruce
[0:24:00] I will get round the audience.

AudienceMember 20210902QT23
[0:24:02] (18) Regarding the preparedness of this government, when all this took place, the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister were on holiday, sitting on the beach. I mean, it is incredible that that should be the case. I mean, how prepared were they that they felt it was okay to go on holiday, knowing, as you say, 18 months ago, the state was coming, this was going to happen, and this should have been organised? And, for them today, I was watching the debate in parliament, and Dominic Raab, finding it amusing when people are asking him questions about this. It is absolutely so disgraceful. They should hang their heads in shame. It is disgraceful. [Applause].

Fiona Bruce
[0:24:48] Man there in the blue sweater.

AudienceMember 20210902QT24
[0:24:50] (19) The United Kingdom played a massive part in getting itself involved. For us to be talking about allowing only 5,000 people a year this is quite frankly disgusting. We should say our arms are open to whoever wants to come and whenever they want a safe return, they can have a safe return and support them in doing so. To say 5,000 a year is just ridiculous.
Fiona Bruce[0:25:14] Man in the stripy top.
AudienceMember 20210902QT25[0:25:14] (20) Hi. The numbers, the numbers are a joke, and the idea that 5,000 a year, even if you take all of them, and they come tomorrow, 20,000 turned up tomorrow, I saw some numbers earlier today been that's one in every four villages - one person in every four villages and towns in the UK. Clearly, we can take more. At the most simple analysis of the situation, we are a major player in the last 20 years of this situation. Therefore, we should take a major stance in the clean-up, and in the recovery, so we should not be looking at numbers, it should be our percentage of anyone that needs the help, and that should be probably be in the tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, even, and it sounds like not only especially when you take into consideration the numbers issued by the government today what it is going to cost for those 20,000, which I think was less than £1 billion, and take into perspective in the last 18 months, we can find £1 billion, we can find ten, especially something our mess in the last 20 years.AudienceMember 20210902QT26[0:26:18] (21) I feel at least with Rory, you know where you stand, you might not agree with it, he is saying troops should stay. I don't get Labour's position on this, and I don't understand the role that you played, Lisa, in terms of putting pressure on the government. I don't understand when I hear from you and Keir Starmer, I don't get a good feel. I haven't seen an impassioned, heartfelt speech in the - no doubt this evening. Where has that been in the last 18 months? You haven't been clear on your position and what pressure have you put on the government around the exit strategy?
Fiona Bruce[0:26:52] This was put to you in the House of Commons today, according to the Hansard website, which records every word spoken in parliament, you have never said "Afghan" or "Afghanistan" in parliament. Given that, how have you been putting pressure on the government?
Lisa Nandy[0:27:06] First of all, because this has largely been led by the Ministry of Defence. I'm the shadow Foreign Secretary not Defence Secretary. I've tabled a number of urgent questions to drag the Foreign Secretary to the House of Commons in order to answer questions about this, and they've never been granted. It in the government's gift how they control that. The only time that the Foreign Secretary has come to the chamber in order to make a statement about Afghanistan, it was in relation to aid cuts, and I don't shadow the aid brief, so one of my colleagues led for us on it, and led very well.Lisa Nandy
[0:27:38] My colleague, John Healy, who is the shadow Defence Secretary, has raised this a number of times over the last few months, and I myself was in touch with Dominic Raab to try to get an urgent briefing over the summer to which he didn't even bother to reply to the email. We've since found out why, because it turned out that he was on holiday as the Taliban advanced. I would say this to you: don't make the mistake of thinking just because some of us recognise this is a complex and difficult situation that all of us need to own up to some level of responsibility for, no, just another ...

Fiona Bruce
[0:28:16] I have to ask the rest of the panel.

Lisa Nandy
[0:28:18] Sure. I've been directly challenged about our position on this. Let me just say this: we recognise the UK was left in a difficult position when the US took the decision to withdraw, and I make no apology for recognising that.

Fiona Bruce
[0:28:30] You've made that point earlier on.

Lisa Nandy
[0:28:34] I've been working with Afghan refugees since ...

Fiona Bruce
[0:28:36] I must get the rest of the panel in, or they do not get a fair share. James, the gauntlet ... the gauntlet was thrown down to you by Mehdi to guarantee that no Afghan who is currently here seeking asylum status would be deported back to Afghanistan.

James Cleverly
[0:28:56] Well, I don't know the circumstances around the reasons why someone might have been refused. One of the reasons why ... one of the reasons why we have put Foreign Office, Home Office, and Ministry of Defence staff forward into Kabul is to make sure that people who would wish to do us harm are not using the current circumstance to insert themselves into the UK. It would be a per investigation.

Nelufar Hedayat
[0:29:24] They just won a war.
Nelufar Hedayat[0:30:58] They're absolutely abiding by all those rules. It could be a front. I hope it isn't, because at the end of the day, the Afghan people will win. As a refugee to this country in 1994 from Afghanistan, when this country took me in - and it did, and it gave me schooling, which it did, and it sent me to university, and I got a job, and I worked here as a journalist, a person, as a woman, and a person of colour talking to all you guys - this is a privilege beyond my grandmother's wildest dreams and imaginations. As a journalist my job is to report on the stories, and that is what I do with the films I make and such. When we talk about refugees, it seems like a blob, a hoard, a mass of people - *a hoard, a mass of people, we have a right to do better in our lives. Those that are deserving, this is what we are it, and some that don't, as though the Taliban are somehow going to, under a burkha sneak their way into this country and do us harm. We need to be careful of those kinds of aspersions.
Fiona Bruce[0:32:00] Do you think there should be no limit?
Nelufar Hedayat[0:32:02] I think the British people should be in control of how much. Immigration and refugees should not be something that happens to us, that is done to the British people, it should be done with us. [Applause].Fiona Bruce[0:32:12] Let's move on. I want to take another question.
AudienceMember 20210902QT27[0:32:16] (22). Thank you. With high casualties, both civilian and military, millions of people displace, trillions spent in no post-invasion stability, what was the war in Afghanistan actually for? [Applause].
Fiona Bruce[0:32:34] Mehdi, I want to come to you first on this one. What was the war for?
Mehdi Hasan[0:32:40] I mean, I wasn't in favour, I definitely haven't been in favour of it over the last 20 years. I'm probably the wrong person to ask. I don't know what it was for. I know what we were told it was for. We were told that Afghanistan was the good war, Iraq was the bad war. Some of us were opposed to it from the very beginning. We thought it would be a Vietnam-style quagmire, tens of thousands of civilian casualties, thought the terror threat would go up and not down. I wish - I wish - we could have been wrong about all that. Sadly, those of us who warned about those things turned out to be right. We are in that position now where 20 years later we are wondering, was it worth it? What was it for? We know the metrics set down, some were met, some not met. Bin Laden was killed, ten years after we innovated in a whole other country. We were told the Taliban was toppled, yes, it was. But guess who is in charge of Afghanistan today, even more powerful and involved than before?Mehdi Hasan[0:33:38] I do think we need to ask some hard, searching questions of ourselves. What was this for? What was the purpose of the war? How many lives were told to us? I would urge everyone watching to go to the Washington Post website and read the Afghanistan Papers, thousands of notes and memos, 400 officials, talking about how they knew this war was not winnable, they knew the country was falling apart, they knew the Taliban were stronger. That is the worst part about it, to see politicians this week saying, "I'm shocked at this collapse, shocked it didn't work out the way ... " They knew, they were discussing it amongst themselves that this Afghan army is not up to it, that there is corruption in the government, no-strike is not working, and they're not winning. They didn't tell the rest of us, a series of leaders on both sides of the Atlantic. This is a massive, massive monumental failure on a - people talk about Iraq. This is on the same level. 20 years? Thousands of lives lost? And now arguing about do we take 5,000 or 10,000. What we've done in Afghanistan seriously deserves a huge accounting. [Applause].Fiona Bruce[0:34:42] So the question from Sam is with high casualties, both civilian and military, what was the war in Afghanistan for? The lady in the red T-shirt.
AudienceMember 20210902QT28[0:34:52] (23) As one who deployed to Afghanistan about with the British military, I saw first hand some of the benefits of us being there and some of the negatives. I think at the time we knew we were not there to make a radical change to the situation in Afghanistan, but I think we could all hold our heads up high and say that we were seeing green shoots emerging, be that women's education, be that people in Afghanistan being able to live a peaceful and secure, and prosperous life. With the recent events, which I don't think have particularly come as a shock to anyone, those green shoots are now stone dead. The Afghans that I supported, I've heard have been executed in cold blood, the people that I served with, and who served on previous tours, who have lost friends, brothers, sons, sisters, are now seriously questioning what it was all for, and honestly, the only way that I can feel like I cannot be utterly embarrassed and humiliated about my service is if we as a democratic nation hold those responsible to this for account and have a full parliamentary inquiry that Boris Johnson is trying to weasel out of having, trying to pretend that we don't need one, where it holds to account both some of the political decisions, but also those in the military hierarchy who were responsible for strategic and operational decisions that have led to failure.AudienceMember 20210902QT29[0:36:08] We saw this morning Nick Carter making the rounds of the breakfast television.Fiona Bruce[0:36:14] Brigadier Nick Carter.AudienceMember 20210902QT30[0:36:18] (24) Quibbling whether the Taliban were the enemy, or even were the enemy. He is someone who has been in the top of the military hierarchy for many years. He bears responsibility for many of the failures. We as a nation need to accept that we have been defeated, and the generals responsible for that need to be held to account. James, will you assure me that people like Nick Carter will not be allowed to retire and go and work off the board of a private military contractor and live very well-remunerated lives, will at least have a moment where they are held in very, very humble silence for the decisions that they've made, and that is the only way as a veteran that I and my fellow veterans will feel at the very least we've learned something, so in 20 years' time, the next generation is not in some other country undergoing the same process? [Applause].Fiona Bruce[0:37:18] I should say, of course, that Nick Carter is not here to defend himself, to put his view, but James, you've been asked the question directly.James Cleverly[0:37:26] Well, first of all, thank you. I have been in the military for a long while - the reserve forces - I've never served in Afghanistan. Obviously, I know lots of people that have. I know people who have had life-changing injuries, and obviously, we, just as all the countries that contributed troops to Afghanistan, we've lost some of our brightest and best people, and that is obviously a huge sadness, and something of huge regret.James Cleverly
[0:37:56] We will of course - we will of course need to look at all the phases of this operation, so there has been an inquiry in terms of the rationale around the original deployment. That kind of mid-term mission shift from the suppression of terrorism, through to capacity-building for Afghanistan, institutions, and what happened in most - what happened most recently in terms of our military support will of course be something that we look at.

AudienceMember 20210902QT31
[0:38:30] (25) Just need an inquiry, a commitment to a full inquiry.

Fiona Bruce
[0:38:34] Will you give one?

James Cleverly
[0:38:36] I'm not able to give that commitment here and now, but obviously there is always - there is always an after-action review. You know what that is. This will of course happen with this. Everyone will be involved in the decision politically, militarily, diplomatically - everybody. Of course, it is absolutely understandable that this particular time, when we are seeing the images coming out of Afghanistan, veterans in particular will find it incredibly difficult, and it is completely understandable that people are frustrated, that they're angry, that they are depressed. I would put a strong plug to make sure that anyone that is feeling the pressure because of this reaches out, whether it be to former colleagues or to defence charities. And, of course ...
AudienceMember 20210902QT32[0:39:30] (26) To what mental health service would you ask them to go to? Our mental health service is shocking. Absolutely shocking. [Applause].
James Cleverly[0:39:40] No, we have, we have, there are - there is a very strong network particularly of military mental health charities, and ...
AudienceMember 20210902QT33[0:39:50] (27) Charities, James!
James Cleverly[0:39:52] And they -- they work closely with mental health services in the NHS.
AudienceMember 20210902QT34[0:40:00] (28) You haven't got a clue.
Rory Stewart[0:40:04] In the middle of this debate is a real natural political black and white thing. There are people like Mehdi saying the whole thing was doomed from the start, it was a total catastrophe, no good came out of it. Obviously, there were people in 2017, 2008 ...
Mehdi Hasan[0:40:16] Stop putting words in my mouth.
Rory Stewart[0:40:20] People saying in 2008, the whole thing was terrifically successful, we would build a Switzerland in central Asia. The truth of the matter from my experience is that there was a lot of improvement in terms of individual lives - not on the level of the state. The Afghan army never became self-sufficient. But I've made, Mehdi, with respect, 125 trips to Afghanistan over the last 20 years. I went into Kabul at the end of 2001. It was a ghost town. 300,000 people, nobody in the streets, 4 million refugees. We built a charity in 2006. I've got 400 employees on the ground at the moment. They are at risk from the Taliban because of an entirely unnecessary and reckless decision by Biden trying to emulate President Trump. We didn't need to do it, and what we've done is we've destroyed hundreds of thousands of lives.Rory Stewart[0:41:06] People who are living lives similar to their opposite numbers in India, people who are able to go to school, and we were protecting it with a very small investment, and your figure, Mehdi, your figure, which you've quoted to suggest the only reason there are no casualties is because, at the beginning of 2020, a peace deal was signed, are completely misleading because you should be aware there were only six casualties in the year before that peace deal was signed. This has been a very low-cost, low-risk operation which - let me finish. Since you had a long rant about how the whole thing --
Fiona Bruce[0:41:44] I don't want you to do a long rant, either, Rory.
Rory Stewart[0:41:48] We must get out of the black and white, either it was a disaster or it was brilliant. It was a poor, fragile country which was making huge progress, and we could have maintained that with a very modest investment, and we threw it away.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:58] The question is what was the war in Afghanistan? Mehdi, I will come back to you. Forgive me. In fairness to Mehdi, he didn't say there hadn't been any improvement. That is not what he had said. What was the war in Afghanistan actually for?Nelufar Hedayat[0:42:12] The war in Afghanistan was fought to some degree for the children that I met when I was working at Newsround, and I got the opportunity to go back and make a film about the kids of Kabul. And I went to a place called Skater Stan, and I met young girls wearing their traditional Afghan clothes going up and down these huge skatepark that they had built because the war in Afghanistan gave a generation hope. That is what it gave. Bear with me. You can't kill hope. You can kill people. People have died, and they've lost their lives, and you've all been very honourable in the way you've expressed this, and Mehdi in Washington, DC. Those young girls are now young women who have aspirations and hope, and they will fight it. Images came out of Afghanistan yesterday with four women standing with A4 pieces of paper in a protest, these women who will be killed if the Taliban are what they are. Standing up protesting, today, in three different cities, people stood up and held the national flag of Afghanistan to tear down the flag of the Taliban. What does this say? It says the Afghan people are resilient. It is that they're hopeful. That is what you did. And I have a confused understanding of what this war in my birth land has achieved.Fiona Bruce[0:45:14] Let me bring in Lisa. Lisa has not had a chance to answer this question. The question is higher casualties, trillions spent, what was the war in Afghanistan for? This is the war that Labour supported.
Lisa Nandy[0:45:26] It's impossible to look at the situation that is unfolding in front of our eyes and think this is anything other than a catastrophe. Having said that, those mistakes that have been made, the very many mistakes, including the failure to plan for what came next after our exit strategy, which we have raised repeatedly in the House of Commons, and with ministers over recent months, those failures were political and strategic. They were not the failures and mistakes of the very many people led by Afghans themselves, with British troops supporting them, with humanitarian and aid workers from all over the world, including Afghanistan supporting them, and here in the UK, and the very many diplomats and staff and civilian contractors who worked as well, to deliver benefits that so many panellists have talked about. The clearance of land-mines, which nobody has mentioned, which gave a dramatic boost, not just to the safety of people in Afghanistan, but to the economic prospects of people in Afghanistan as well.
Nelufar Hedayat[0:46:26] Yes.Fiona Bruce[0:47:48] James?
James Cleverly[0:47:50] Well, there is of course that risk. This is why the UK's position had always been that we withdrew when certain conditions had been met, rather than to a specific date or timeline. We are going to have to work very, very closely. We're going to have to work closely with countries in the immediate vicinity around Afghanistan, and some of those countries are countries that we have a very difficult set of relationships with, including Iran, for example. But none of those countries want to see Afghanistan turn into a terrorist breeding ground. It is going to be incredibly hard work, and it will require a degree of focus and attention, but we are absolutely committed to make sure that we put in that diplomatic work in Afghanistan, and we are deeply, deeply suspicious of the promises made by the Taliban, both in Doha and most recently, but we will judge them on their actions rather than their words, and we will work with the countries in the region, both the immediate neighbours and those in the near vicinity, who also have a vested interest in Afghanistan not returning to terrorism.Fiona Bruce[0:48:58] The former head of MI5 said the Taliban will inspire and embolden more the wish to commit Jihad against the West. Rory Stewart, are we more or less secure now?
Rory Stewart[0:49:10] We're less secure. This is an immense victory for Jihadists, coming before the anniversary of 9/11, and we gave it to them - totally unnecessary, light presence, and we decided to hand this enormous victory to the Jihadists. President Biden believes by leaving he's ending the forever wars, ending the global war on terror. What he's just done is to to do something similar to what happened in Syria in 2013/14. He's probably extended this war on terror by another decade through a single unnecessary shameful betrayal of the Afghan people.
Fiona Bruce[0:49:42] Lisa Nandy?
Lisa Nandy[0:49:44] I agree with Rory that we are far less secure than we were even on Saturday, and that is a real problem. And I was surprised today in the House of Commons, when the Prime Minister made quite a lengthy statement to the House about our strategy, that this only warranted two sentences in his reply. It ought to be a priority.Fiona Bruce[0:51:54] Lisa Nandy, let Nelufar speak.Nelufar Hedayat[0:51:58] Everybody should be on the table. Ten days ago, the idea of talking to the Taliban was utterly unimaginable. Today, whether you want to do it via Qatar, or via the UAE, you have to directly or indirectly engage with them.Lisa Nandy[0:52:12] You're creating a division where none exist. This is one of the few areas where there is a cross-party consensus between us and the government. There has been an engagement with the Taliban for quite some time.Fiona Bruce[0:52:22] I need to let Mehdi in before the programme is over. Mehdi, are we more or less safe?Mehdi Hasan[0:52:28] To answer the question, we are less safe, but that's not because of the way the war ended, it's because of the failed war itself - 20 years of failures. James mentioned earlier we are safe after Afghanistan. We invaded Afghanistan in 2001, the 7/7 bombings happened in 2005, four years after our invasion. Terrorist groups have havens across the world, Yemen, Libya, Iraq, all countries we were militarily involved in in some shape or form. Rory mentioned earlier only six people died in Afghanistan in 2019 - he's talking about US troops. It was a horrific year for Afghan civilians. In the first year of 2019, first six months, the US allies killed more people than the Taliban. That is a shocking statistic. We killed more civilians than the Taliban. That does not act as a recruitment arrangement for terrorist groups? That doesn't embolden terrorism sitting in a Muslim country for 20 years, killing civilians intentionally or unintentionally? All the war on terror has given us is more war and more terror, and we need to change tack and stop indefinite occupations.AudienceMember 20210902QT37[0:53:36] (30) War is terror. It is the most nonsensical thing I've heard in my life. War is terror. Here we are 20 years on in this particular conflict. We could be talking about Iraq tonight, Libya, or Syria. The reality is as much as there may be terrorists out there, actually, the people who blew up the tube in 7/7 in 2005, they were from Leeds where I live. The person who blew himself up in Manchester was from London. They are in this country right now. The reality is that there is no one place on this earth where there is terrorism going on. It goes on all around the world. You cannot defeat an ideology from dropping bombs from 30,000 feet. [Applause].AudienceMember 20210902QT38
[0:54:22] (31) Thank you for your service by the way, and all my friends in the forces. With its thirst for a unilateral agenda change, should not look at our special relationship and lead to these humanitarian crises in Syria, Yemen, Iraq, and Afghanistan, and welcome now, obviously.

Fiona Bruce
[0:54:42] What do you think of what you've heard?

AudienceMember 20210902QT39
[0:54:46] (31) The fact is that we are not looking at what is going to happen here in the UK. Because Labour's Defence Secretary said just hours ago that some of that 20,000 will be from the Taliban. So when we say that the Taliban aren't going to put on a burkha and coming over here, Labour are saying that they will, and it is children going to the Manchester Arena, commuters on the 7/7 buses, students on London Bridge, us communities, who are killed, who get attacked by terrorists coming over here, and Labour's inability to put ... I agree, I agree. Labour's inability to put a stance on what it will do to protect communities here shows that you haven't changed from sitting on the fence like Jeremy Corbyn.
Lisa Nandy
[0:55:32] Sorry, that's just not ...

AudienceMember 20210902QT40
[0:55:36] (32) Jeremy Corbyn wasn't against the Taliban war.

Lisa Nandy
[0:55:42] We've been pushing a strategy to protect the - I'm a Greater Manchester MP, we are going through hell in Manchester with the inquiry into the Manchester bombings. Please don't tell me we don't take people's security and safety here in the UK seriously. The gentleman made a point behind you, that this is not just a foreign-policy issue, this is not just something that people in far away countries do for people here. This is a home-grown problem, and we need to work together to deal with it.

Fiona Bruce
[0:56:12] We're out of time. We could go on for some time, having a live audience back, what a difference that makes. My goodness. Our hour is up.
James Cleverly[0:29:28] If they were trying to protect Afghans in Afghanistan only to have those people who we know are going to be targeted. Women in female - female journalists, female politicians, women's rights activists, female educators: we know they're under high likelihood of being targeted for reprisals, and what we don't want to do is see that happen here on the streets of the UK. Yes, we do have to be careful. We are working at pace. As I said, we've already put a number of mechanisms in place to evacuate people who have worked directly with us. Rory's absolutely right: interpreters are not the only people that fall into that category. We have also now announced an additional, on top of that - an additional scheme for other Afghans who we know are going to be in a vulnerable position
 ...Nelufar Hedayat[0:30:22] Does that include my auntie ...
James Cleverly[0:30:24] Because of the Taliban's ...
Nelufar Hedayat[0:30:26] Does that include my auntie, James, who has taught in a girls' school in Afghanistan during the last Taliban invasion, and rule of the country ...
James Cleverly[0:30:36] Quite possibly.
Nelufar Hedayat[0:30:36] Because she has no hope tonight. I haven't been able to get through to her in two days, and my auntie has said things publicly against the Taliban, and she will be one of the first - as soon as this veneer of acceptability, because, let's be honest, the Taliban are worried in the next month or six weeks, there will be a NATO attack, some sort of land - there will be troops on the ground, so they're on their best behaviour.Nelufar Hedayat[0:43:28] I look to Rory, and I nod, and I look to James, and I nod, to Lisa, and Mehdi, and what are you talking about? None of yous know what you're saying. That's what you did. You helped those four girls hold that poster up, and you helped a bunch of people hold a national flag of a national identity. I don't want to get soppy about it because the death falling from the skies falling from an aeroplane are still real, but it's a bittersweet thing. You must hold on to that.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:56] You want to come back? [Applause].
AudienceMember 20210902QT35[0:44:04] (28) As you alluded to, there are pockets of anti-Taliban resistance, whether it is people on the street, people in Panjir Province. My question really is to those of you with political power: are we going to let them stand alone? Are we in the United Kingdom going to let them stand alone?
James Cleverly[0:44:24] This is a really, really important point. I think, just because the situation now is tragic, and because we didn't achieve everything that we wanted to achieve, it doesn't mean to say we achieved nothing, and we did achieve a generation of young women who have had the opportunity to learn, and we do absolutely need to work to protect those gains, and fragile as they are, and that means working with the countries in the immediate vicinity around Afghanistan, that means working with countries that have a degree of influence over the Taliban. That is about making it absolutely clear that we are not just going to walk away from applying leverage, and applying pressure, and trying to make this situation as good as it can be.Lisa Nandy[0:50:00] There are two things the government should do very quickly. The first is about intelligence. The government appears to have been relying on intelligence up to now that said that the Taliban were unlikely to advance, and that the Afghan government had the resilience to hold out. That clearly was completely and utterly wrong. We need to get a line of sight on what is happening beyond Kabul, because, at the moment, we don't have any understanding as far as I can work out about what is happening on the ground, and that means working with our partners to share intelligence, and get that line of sight. But the second thing that the government ought to be doing is they ought to be exerting what limited leverage we've got on the Taliban, and this is a painful place to be; this is an unpalatable prospect, and this is a difficult scenario we don't want to be in. Unless we start going after, for example, the financial assets of the Taliban, they've taken over the Afghan government's assets, some of those may be in UK banks. Why aren't we freezing the assets? Why aren't we working with partners to impose sanctions? Unless we start putting leverage on the Taliban in order to put pressure on them not to allow Afghanistan to descend into a haven for terrorists, we will reap the benefits.

Nelufar Hedayat[0:51:14] Starve them out. There is a Covid pandemic.

Lisa Nandy[0:51:18] Nobody is suggesting the Afghan people -- nobody is suggesting that you should punish the Afghan people.

Nelufar Hedayat[0:51:22] But how else will you help them?

Lisa Nandy[0:51:24] For a regime that has come to power through violent means and displaced the government.

Nelufar Hedayat[0:51:30] Any money going into the country, and the Taliban have barely got ten days of money left.

Lisa Nandy[0:51:36] That is absolutely not what I was suggesting.

Nelufar Hedayat[0:51:38] I understand your statement about not wanting to fund the Taliban.

Lisa Nandy[0:51:42] But we should be getting assistance directly to the Afghan people.

Nelufar Hedayat[0:51:46] How?

Lisa Nandy[0:51:46] The United Nations have a position on the ground.

Nelufar Hedayat[0:51:50] Because the Taliban allow it.

Lisa Nandy[0:51:52] All the children ...Lisa Nandy
[0:46:26] I would hate for anybody, particularly those of you who bravely and rightly stood up for our country and stood alongside Afghans and helped to deliver those gains, to come away with the sense that we are anything other than absolutely proud of those achievements and determined to do everything that we can in these most difficult of circumstances to defend them. There is a generation of young Afghans that grew up with a transformation in what they could expect from their futures. They learned languages, they studied all over the world, they took those skills back to Afghanistan, and put them to good use making a contribution, and they got access to education. Millions of them - girls, who never would have had it before. They're watching the future unravel in front of their eyes. We owe it to them not to engage in a counsel of despair, but to think what can we do right now to assert leverage over the situation and protect those gains.

Fiona Bruce
[0:47:22] We have to be reasonably brief, this is a question a lot of you asked. Matthew Goodwin-Freeman?

AudienceMember 20210902QT36
[0:47:30] (30) As Kabul fell, the Prime Minister said nobody wants to see wants to see Afghanistan become a breeding ground for terror. In truth, won't the situation in Afghanistan now mean members of the public here in the UK are more at risk of terrorism and extremist acts?
AudienceMember 20210819QT01[0:00:00] Was the UK government right to send Royal Navy ships to Jersey amid tensions with French fisherman?

John Bercow[0:00:10] No, it's an absurd act. Jingoistic sabre-rattling. If you tell me the despatch of those ships and the fact of election day today are unrelated, I can only say that you will believe anything. It is juvenile, it is downmarket, it is not constructive, it doesn't advance the cause of the arguments that need to be resolved. The truth of the matter is the problem flows, as so many things do, from Brexit. It isn't going to be addressed by a kind of Palmerstonian popularism. Frankly, Britain can do better than that.Robert Jenrick[0:01:10] I'm pleased the situation has eased. The ships have left the vicinity of Jersey. We were right to do everything we can to support the people of Jersey and the fishermen.Fiona Bruce[0:01:22] How are you going to convince John?Robert Jenrick[0:01:24] I'm never going to convince John.Fiona Bruce[0:01:28] The question is about sending Royal Navy ships to Jersey.Robert Jenrick[0:01:34] We have made clear to the French ministers, who said unwise comments, that we will stand with the people of Jersey. But John is right in the sense this issue now needs to be resolved by diplomacy, by the chief minister and the minister of Jersey with the support of the UK government working with counterparts in France and the European Union.Robert Jenrick[0:01:54] There is an agreement which covers this issue. It allows Jersey to regulate fishing within its waters and enables them to have a licencing agreement. There seems to be some disagreement about the precise details of that. That needs to be worked through in the usual way.
Fiona Bruce[0:02:10] If you say the way to work it through is diplomacy, the French foreign minister was in Jersey yesterday. Could you not have had a conversation with him?
Robert Jenrick[0:02:20] Ministers have spoken with their counterparts. The Minister for External Affairs of Jersey have spoken with their counterparts as well.Robert Jenrick[0:02:28] It sounds like a sensible outcome has been achieved tonight because the ships have moved away, the Royal Navy is able to move away as well, although it will keep a watch on events and we are going to ensure this is sorted out as quickly as possible. That's the right thing to do. On John's broader point about Brexit, I'm pleased we have put those issues to bed. He and I were in the House of Commons together and saw how paralysing it was for the country. It was right we sorted that out. We did that last year.Fiona Bruce[0:03:00] Fish exports to the EU, I know this was the French complaining, but fish exports from the UK were down 31%. So when you say you're glad this has been put to bed, this is hardly a result.
Robert Jenrick[0:03:16] I'm glad Brexit, a question which has divided and paralysed British politics for a long time --
Fiona Bruce[0:03:24] You can't be happy with that. Down a third.
Robert Jenrick[0:03:28] We're doing that with respect to Northern Ireland, with respect to Jersey as well. But you're going to see some of the benefits of Brexit. None more so than the vaccine programme which enabled us to roll out one, not the best --
Fiona Bruce[0:03:46] We are getting far from sending Royal Navy ships to Jersey.
Robert Jenrick[0:03:52] It demonstrates the burdonsome of the EU. I'm sure people are glad that Brexit is put to bed --Fiona Bruce
[0:04:06] Let's hear from some of those people around the country. Carlos.

AudienceMember 20210819QT02
[0:04:10] We don't have many details and it will probably be a while until we get them, but from -- it's obviously a failure of diplomacy. It is a terrible tragedy that we're not getting on well at all with our next door neighbours and we've already had to bring the dogs out to face each other off.

Fiona Bruce
[0:04:34] Steph.

AudienceMember 20210819QT03
[0:04:36] The French are not very proportionate either. They were talking about cutting power off. That's not diplomatic either. We do need to learn to talk. I think that's been the biggest problem with Brexit as well. We clash too much. We've got to learn to start talking to our neighbours again. We have to get on with them.

Fiona Bruce
[0:05:02] Steve?

AudienceMember 20210819QT04
[0:05:04] Turn the question around. What on Earth gave the French the right to suddenly start blockading a British port? The only mistake the Royal Navy made was not sinking the ships in the first place. It is a disgusting thing to have done. To try to justify it by saying we should have been diplomatic, where were they? .

Thangam Debbonaire
[0:05:34] There was an agreement agreed at the last minute. In that Trade and Cooperation Agreement there were problems predictable and predicted. For a start, the protocol on Northern Ireland, that there would be a border down the Irish Sea was entirely predictable and predicted. The fishing problem was also a predictable and predicted problem. While I dividend defending the jobs, I would like to put effort into the 2 million jobs from the creative industries that have been harmed by this.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:08] Hang on. We were was the government right to send Royal Navy ships to Jersey? Were they right to do that?Thangam Debbonaire[0:06:16] If they were right, which I dispute, I think it is not a dip the French were in the country yesterday. There was perfectly affirm opportunities. But my point is if they are going to do this, if they are sending the gun ships out for the fishing century, defending the other industries that have suffered as a result of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement.Hugh Osmond[0:06:52] It is a failure of diplomacy on both sides. It should have been dealt with diplomatically. Who was to blame for sending ships where, it is very difficult to say. Clearly the French behaved badly, whether our response was proportionate, it is difficult to say. It should have been dealt with a long time before it got to the situation of sending out gun boats. There's higher priorities for the Royal Navy than floating around in Jersey. There's what's going on in the China Sea and around Russia. There's much higher priorities. It shouldn't have got to that.Fiona Bruce[0:07:32] The one thing for the French fishermen is people are at least now paying attention to them. I wonder if Scottish fishermen, who feel so betrayed by the Brexit deal, they might be wondering if they should be taking a leaf out of the French fisher folks' book.Hugh Osmond[0:07:50] Well, I think when people's livelihoods are put at risk you have to expect them to make a bit of a stand. I do respect that, you know, the British fighting for fishing and the French fighting for their rights. As I say, I think, really, in general, if you can achieve something by talking and negotiation, it is much better than sending gunships around the place.
Fiona Bruce[0:08:18] Amanda?
AudienceMember 20210819QT05[0:08:20] I was reading about this this morning. It seems to be that the fishermen from France are coming over because they are complaining they haven't got their licences. But they knew they had to get the licences in January. It is no different than we were being told on a regular basis make sure you have all your documentation sorted. I think there was an advert from the government on a daily basis citing that if you trade internationally, your deadline is January, blah, blah, blah. I don't see why the governments in France and Germany and all the others didn't do the same thing. They should have had their paperwork in in time. They obviously haven't. You know, therefore, they can't -- it is just typical French, if they are unhappy about anything they do a blockade for everything. It is just typical of their national -- of stamping their feet and usually getting things sorted. But, no, I think that the French were completely wrong. They were well out of order, and they need to get their own act sorted. They need to do the paperwork and, you know, they can't complain to anybody if they are late.Fiona Bruce[0:09:48] The French might take issue with that characterisation, I dare say. What they are saying is the new conditions have been attached to the licences which they didn't know about. That's the main gist of their gripe. Deborah.
Deborah Frances-White[0:10:04] I wish Boris Johnson would stop getting up in the morning and saying: How can I be Churchill today? It is childish. I think the public of both countries would like both leaders to be grown up. We're not children -- well, we're not children. I think sometimes that's their first response. It is disappointing to the public. It is disappointing to everybody here.

Fiona Bruce[0:10:30] John.

John Bercow[0:10:32] I think there's an important point here. It isn't a question of people not filling in forms that they knew they had to complete. What is at stake is an argument about the behaviour of the Jersey authorities and, more particularly, the British government, in surreptitiously introducing new regulatory burdens and compliance requirements with minimal notice, of which the French fishermen couldn't have been aware.

Fiona Bruce[0:11:04] Jersey disputes that.

John Bercow[0:11:06] It is a violation of the principles and the intended application of the Trade Agreement. That's the first thing. In a sense of backhanded compliment to Robert, whom I served with in the House, it is remarkable through the deployment of his mellifluous tones he can talk about solving a problem when solving a problem means a betrayal of the British fishing industry and its decimation on the one hand, and, frankly, the denial of the rights, very long established over decades and more, of French fishermen.
.John Bercow[0:11:42] These people aren't new-comers. They are not new kids on the block. They are not people suddenly turning up saying "Can we fish here?" This is an area in which customarily they did fish. All I would say, Robert, is looking to the future and agreeing with Deborah, if we are going to make progress we don't do it by picking juvenile fights not just with one country but with the entirety of the European Union. If we want to choreograph decent, constructive, convivial relations for the future, let's start as we mean to go on, other than adopting gunboat diplomacy then getting some dovish spokesman to appear saying we know we deployed the boats but we mean well after all. I'm afraid it doesn't wash. On reflection I think people of reasonable sense and judgment can see through it.Fiona Bruce[0:12:40] The last time --Robert Jenrick[0:12:46] Can I reply? John appears as the champion of the British Isles but the point of Brexit, or one of the things it achieved is to enable us to be, once again, an independent coastal strait with greater control over who fishes in our waters.Fiona Bruce[0:13:02] The Scottish fisherman's federation says it is desperately poor. The it leaves them in a worse position.Deborah Frances-White[0:13:16] If Brexit was put to bed, it's got up again.Robert Jenrick[0:13:22] I don't think that he is fair. There are some things that need to be ironed out. In fairness to John, it will require diplomacy and good relations with our neighbours. We all want to see that. We want to move forward. These are our European friends and neighbours and trading partners. But it does stick in the teeth hearing that from people like John, like Thangam, who did their best to make this issue such a divisive and bitter one for so long. In Thangam's case, voting against getting Brexit done, 40-odd times. John sat in the Chair using every device and opportunity he could --
John Bercow[0:14:08] It is called standing up to the rights of the democratic legislature. I'll introduce you to the subject and a tutorial on the subject would be of great use to the government.
Fiona Bruce[0:14:28] I'm going to move on. There are other questions I want to get in. We're going to hear from Liz Carmichael.AudienceMember 20210819QT06[0:14:34] Would a Labour defeat in Hartlepool and elsewhere in the red wall areas mean curtains for Keir?
Fiona Bruce[0:14:44] Whether they're John Lewis curtains or other kind of curtains.
Thangam Debbonaire[0:14:52] I found it extraordinary that anybody looking down on John Lewis curtains. It is too early in the day to say what is going to happen.
Fiona Bruce[0:15:02] It is too early but, nonetheless, it is looking like you have a fight on your hands.
Thangam Debbonaire[0:15:10] Every vote we have fought for. We have incredible candidates. I have spoken to voters in Hartlepool, all over the country. People have been listening to the Labour Party, been willing to talk to us.
Fiona Bruce[0:15:26] What's the answer to this question?
Thangam Debbonaire[0:15:28] It's too much hypotheticals.
Fiona Bruce[0:15:32] Let's take one issue. Would a Labour defeat in heart pool be curtains for ear.
Thangam Debbonaire[0:15:40] It is far too early to say.
Fiona Bruce[0:15:44] The polls are into the looking positive.
Thangam Debbonaire[0:15:48] There are a load of results going to be taking place over the next few days. We have worked hard. I think it beho listen very carefully to what the voters are saying. Whatever they say, whatever we get to at the end, which is not clear yet, I think it is important that people have moved away from the disaster that was the 2019 General Election.
Fiona Bruce[0:16:14] I guess you'll find out.
Hugh Osmond[0:16:18] I think in a democracy every government needs a strong opposition. That's good for democracy. We have not got a strong opposition at the moment. I think that is a disaster. I, myself, I don't know what Labour stands for at the moment. It certainly doesn't seem to stand for standing up for the young, hard-working people who have been most affected by lockdown and the underprivileged voter base.Hugh Osmond[0:16:46] 
They haven't made any noise about that. We know young people and the poorest in society have been the most affected by lockdown, the most affected by COVID. I don't see Labour making any point about that at all or doing anything useful in that regard. I think that is disappointing. I'd like to see them much stronger with clear views and policies, but I don't know what their policies are any more.
Thangam Debbonaire[0:17:14] 
I have to respectfully disagree and I think Robert will bear witness to the fact that we have disagreed over many things. We have stood up for people -- for instance, we stood up for people on school meals, we stood up and got a reversal of a decision by the government. We stood up for people on the evictions ban, we stood up for people on cladding which is so important to so many people across the country. We are standing up for people right now when we do not want to see the economic devastation that would arise if the government carries on with its decision to cut Universal Credit by £30 each week, we've money laundering to achieve quite a lot of U turns out of the government. Not enough. I would like Robert to go further, but I think it is not fair to say that we haven't stood up to the government. I think Robert would say we've disagreed on many a case.Fiona Bruce[0:18:10] It is interesting you don't say no, would a Labour defeat mean curtains for Keir. Maybe his position is not that secure.Thangam Debbonaire[0:18:20] I think Keir has had a mountain to climb over the last year. It has been a very, very long year. Difficult for everybody. A marred year for everybody. I think one of the things we learned in this election is people are willing to listen to Labour again, willing to talk to us. We'll see what the results are like over the next few days.Fiona Bruce[0:18:38] Brian.AudienceMember 20210819QT11[0:18:40] I think it has been clear over the last couple of years that the Labour Party has faced a battle for identity following Jeremy Corbyn's resignation, we have seen the Labour Party trying to reinvent themselves. As a young person I want to see Labour try to convince me, show me they stand for things, show me they are a party I can put my faith and trust in. The Labour is a party I always want to believe in and trust, but I think they need to convince young voters like myself that they are standing up for us.Fiona Bruce[0:19:16] What could they say to convince you?AudienceMember 20210819QT12[0:19:18] To be honest, I want a vision of some sort. Whether that's on how they can make housing affordable, how they have a plan for effective spending which can help to alleviate poverty within the UK. Just measures they can put in place to safeguard the long-term future of not only myself but people who come after myself.Fiona Bruce[0:19:38] Bethany.
AudienceMember 20210819QT13[0:19:40] I would like to echo a lot of what was said. I'm a Labour member and voter. I don't feel -- I feel quite apathetic. In the most recent elections it was hard to go out to vote because I didn't know what I was voting for. I didn't have clear policies. The vision isn't there.
Fiona Bruce[0:20:02] Tony?
AudienceMember 20210819QT14[0:20:02] I'm just wondering if the Conservatives were to gain seats in Hartlepool and, in particular, in Scotland, would that indicate that the public are more interested in healthcare, education and jobs rather than the rhetoric of Scotland's First Minister and the price of a role of wallpaper?
Fiona Bruce[0:20:22] Deborah?
Deborah Frances-White[0:20:26] I really want to like Keir Starmer. He's my MP. I want this vision. I feel really disappointed that his first response to the Policing Bill was we abstain. I know --
Thangam Debbonaire[0:20:42] We voted against it.
Deborah Frances-White[0:20:44] Was his first response not we're going to abstain? He certainly didn't come out with guns blazing. I'm not hearing from him. There's a clause in the Policing Bill that says if you are noisy and annoying at the protest -- deferential we voted
Deborah Frances-White[0:21:10] I'm not feeling the rage about that. The definition of a protest is to be noisy and annoying. I can't afford to be crippled. I can't be --
Fiona Bruce[0:21:20] The Labour response was not enough for you?Robert Jenrick[0:23:02] Having been to Hartlepool a couple of times over the course of the last few weeks, I'd say a few things. Firstly, there is a genuine desire for change. Having been represented for 57 years by a Labour MP, including prominent ones like Peter Mendelson. I did find people who want something different. They did look to people like Ben Houchen, the Conservative mayor, also up for re-election today, thinking they were doing a good job, there's investment, a free port, good jobs coming in, taking advantage of clean energy, the investment in town and high streets that we're doing in that part of the world. So they saw a positive change coming. I think, fundamentally, they didn't feel that the Labour Party today represented them. That is a real concern, I think, for Keir Starmer and for the Labour Party because they felt that it was now a party which was solely interested in the most metropolitan parts of the country and didn't speak to mainstream opinion in the rest of the country. That, I hope, we as the Conservatives are offering. I think that is a real challenge for the Labour Party.Fiona Bruce[0:24:20] Arjan.
AudienceMember 20210819QT15[0:24:22] I think one of the problems is that there is a lot of infighting in the Labour Party. I would like to see a party that can give some proper vision, some proper ideas of how we're going to come out of the pandemic. Not lots and lots and lots of empty promises to try to buy seats but to try to make peoples lives better. Really, was it sensible to have somebody who was a remainer to be standing in from somewhere which was very much keen on leaving the EU? I think that was a big mistake.
Fiona Bruce[0:24:56] Charlie?
AudienceMember 20210819QT16[0:24:56] I think we underestimate how difficult it has to be for any opposition leader to get themselves heard while we're going through the pandemic and coming out of it. To judge anyone at this time. You have to give him a couple of years.
John Bercow[0:25:18] I think people like straight answers. Although we haven't seen the outcome, I am very confident from what I've read that Labour will lose Hartlepool. Yes, that is a shock. It wasn't originally to be expected. It isn't really a shock to me, and the reason why it isn't a shock to me is that it is only 17 months ago that the red wall seats revoted against Labour and turned to the Conservatives.Fiona Bruce[0:25:46] In terms of the question, should that mean Keir Starmer should go?John Bercow[0:25:52] No. There are two reasons why it is not such a great surprise. The first is that we've had a suspension of normal politics for the 13 months of Keir Starmer's leadership and, indeed, a few days before. In December 2019 people said they wanted to get Brexit done, and the government has delivered on the first phase of Brexit. I happen to think it is the most colossal foreign Policy blunder in the post-war period, but people voted for it. In a sense it would counterintuitive if voters said we know we wanted that in significant numbers, even in Hartlepool, where Brexit party is not standing this time, but actually we're going to punish the government that delivered what we said we wanted them to deliver. I think you have to allow for the fact, consistent with the fact of suspension of normal politics, there is a wave of relief in the country at the arrival and, yes, the effective distribution of the vaccine and a desire to reward the government. Now the distribution is overwhelmingly about the NHS and the devising of the vaccine is overwhelmingly about the quality of scientists and little to do with the government. Nevertheless, it has been a success. In light of the two factors there should be such a turn of opinion in a short period.
John Bercow
[0:27:20] But, very briefly, what I would say is this. I think that Keir Starmer is clinical, forensic, sincere, articulate, but he has to be bolder. He has to reach out to and connect with and cut through to the country as a whole. I think there is a market for a left-of-centre party that can show how it will tackle the levelling up agenda, how it will help the left-behind, the left-out, the left-to-rot. In that sense it is very different from 1979 or even 2010 when people wanted government out of the way. People want a protective state and a Labour Party --

Fiona Bruce
[0:28:04] You are familiar what it felt like as Speaker of the House.

Hugh Osmond
[0:28:18] Is it curtains for Keir? My more serious point is I thought I heard every type of letter used to describe recoveries and revision, but recently I have been hearing about K-shaped recovery. This means through COVID and through the pandemic and coming out of it it appears that the rich get richer and the poor get poorer, as a huge generalisation, but it is very, very true. What we have seen is that schoolchildren, students, young people have been hammered by school closures, university closures and so forth, and industries in which young people work, the retail industry, the hospitality industry, have also been absolutely hammered by COVID and the recession. Who knows how many jobs will be lost in the end but it is almost exclusively in the younger part of the market, low-paid jobs.
Hugh Osmond[0:29:20] I would like to see the opposition -- I would like to see the government do it, but I would like to see the opposition who have stood up for those younger people trying to make their way in life, I would like to see somebody stand up for them. I think that's what Labour failed to do. At no point have they said: We stand for these people who have lost out.Thangam Debbonaire[0:29:46] Except we have.Hugh Osmond[0:29:48] Labour have done nothing.Thangam Debbonaire[0:29:52] That is simply not true.Fiona Bruce[0:29:54] You want to respond to Hugh, but what about Bethany and Ryan there. Bethany was a Labour member, and Ryan wants to vote Labour and they can't see a way to do it.Thangam Debbonaire[0:30:08] I understand that. I hear what is being said.Fiona Bruce[0:30:10] It must be very depressing for you.Thangam Debbonaire[0:30:14] I think it is important that politicians learn to listen. I have to say, a lot of the country, in my view, I think it was the majority of the country, wanted us to do things in the national interest for the last year and take a constructive opposition approach, which is what Keir has done. He has opposed the government many, many times. We have opposed the government on school exam results or free school meals in the holiday. We have stood up in support of people with low income, those in the private rented sector where I have called for the eviction ban -- we then have --Robert Jenrick[0:30:56] You weren't in position when I quoted.Thangam Debbonaire[0:31:00] I was in position from 5 April.Fiona Bruce[0:31:04] Let's not get too hung up. The thing is, Thangam, you can list the things, but when you have people saying -- Hugh maybe never would vote Labour --
Hugh Osmond[0:31:16] I have in the past.
Fiona Bruce[0:31:18] That's good to know. But it is not cutting through to him. You can list these things but to some people that is not coming across. .
Thangam Debbonaire[0:31:30] I completely get that. I know that Keir has a vision. I know we want to rebuild our economy. We want to build a better country to grow old and grow up in. I have ideas about how we can do that. For instance, on the housing agenda, we have a great team who cannot be able to cut through more. I hear what people are saying, that it is not cutting through. I get that. It is a lesson for Labour we are going to have to take into account.
Fiona Bruce[0:31:56] Andrea.
AudienceMember 20210819QT17[0:31:58] Thanks, Fiona. Should pubs and restaurants be able to fully open now?
Fiona Bruce[0:32:08] Obviously, Hugh, I'm going to come to you first on this one.
Hugh Osmond[0:32:14] Well, as people know, we have been fighting very hard to try to achieve this. It was very disappointing that on the day when we received the High Court decision that the case was academic because there wasn't time to hear it before 17 May --Fiona Bruce[0:32:32] Everyone may not be familiar with the court case. In brief outline, remind everybody what it is you were trying to do.
Hugh Osmond[0:32:40] We were seeking a judicial review of the decision to delay opening of hospitality. As I say, unfortunately, after an unexplained two-week delay from the court, the judgment was that it was academic because it wouldn't make a difference before 17 May. I can tell you, it's absolutely not academic for the 3 million people who work in hospitality. On the very same day after the court made its decision and it came out afterwards, there was published quietly by the government a full report from SAGE based on UK information throughout the epidemic that said it found no evidence that pubs and restaurants or hospitality in general were -- to infection. While it is dead easy, I can understand people believing in the beginning that pubs might be, this report said there was no evidence of that. They slipped it out just after the decision not to reopen. On the back of that and on the fact that all the data are well ahead of that predicted by Imperial and by Warwick in their models, I cannot see why hospitality is not open. It is an immense disappointment for an industry that spent a huge amount responding to COVID, lost a huge amount. We employ 3 million people, mainly under 25. They need to get back to work. It is a disgrace. The data and science have at no point supported the government on this.Fiona Bruce
[0:34:18] The other thing SAGE said in the same report was the data collected offers an opportunity to understand the environments where people spend time but does not give definitive notification on where, when and how transmission considered.
 What they are saying is the system is not detailed enough for them to be able to say with any high degree of certainty exactly where people are contracting COVID. That goes for hospitality as well as anywhere else.

Fiona Bruce
[0:34:48] Andrea, you are supplying food to the hospitality industry, aren't you?

AudienceMember 20210819QT18
[0:34:54] 
Yes. So I work for a fresh produce supplier in Scotland. We are the largest in Scotland and part of the supply chain to hotels and restaurants. The rules are slightly different in Scotland than England. In Scotland we are allowed to serve food inside with no alcohol up until 8 p.m., which is ridiculous. What we are seeing is in about 10 days' time people will be able to go to indoor concerts, up to 100 people. But what we're seeing is maybe four adults cannot have a meal indoors and have a glass of wine with their meal. It is ludicrous. It is absolutely crazy. The business owners all across the UK have adapted their businesses to make sure there are safe places to go. They have worked really hard to fit in with the guidelines. This industry is literally on its knees. Businesses are closing all over the place. We have to get it moving as fast as we can.
Fiona Bruce[0:35:58] The government said it would be driven by data not dates. The next day opening up in England is 17 May. The data is looking very favourable. Why can the government not open up sooner in hospitality?
Robert Jenrick[0:36:10] You're right that the data we have seen is very positive. The Prime Minister said that himself. It looks as if we will be able to move forward with the next stage of the roadmap on 17 May. There's nothing at the moment that would suggest we're not also able to move forward on 21 June with the next stage of the roadmap.
Fiona Bruce[0:36:28] But to Hugh's point --
Robert Jenrick[0:36:34] It is right to stick to what we created. You gather the data, you ensure there is a five-week wait which gives enough time to have the information on which to make an informed decision, then you have time to make the public and businesses like Hugh's. No one is saying this is easy. None of us would want to have these measures in place for a day longer than is necessary, but I think it is right, having done so much -- I mean, having all these difficult decisions to be cautious at this stage in the process. We are trying to do everything we can to support in England and the rest of the United Kingdom where we can the hospitality sector. If you think through what we've done, we have the business rates holiday that's continuing, we have grants up to £18,000 --Fiona Bruce[0:37:24] The fact is they want to open.
Robert Jenrick[0:37:26] We're spending billions of pounds getting high streets and town centres up and running as well. We are doing everything we can to support those businesses through a very challenging period. But it would be doing the country a disservice at this stage to rush rather than waiting a little bit longer. There is nothing that we can see that there is going to be a delay. It is literally a question now of 10 days until most of the aspects of the economy will be able to reopen.
Fiona Bruce[0:38:02] At the moment only 40 percent of hospitality venues are able to open. Certainly in England. Thangam, do you support the sticking to 17 May or do you think it looks so favourable now we should open up sooner?
Thangam Debbonaire[0:38:20] I think it is a tragedy for the hospitality industry and the wider creative industry, destinations, that we're in the situation we are in now. I wish the government had been driven by data throughout this crisis. If they had they might have heeded their own commissioned report warning what might happen in the winter without certain measures taking place.
Fiona Bruce[0:38:42] Given that we are where we are, do you think that we should be opening sooner as Hugh would like to see or do you think we should be sticking to 17 May in England?
Thangam Debbonaire[0:38:52] I don't have access to the information, but I think it is better if we had been driven by data. That would have helped the hospitality industry.Thangam Debbonaire[0:39:02] But what people are talking about here, the suffering in businesses, the loss to young people's jobs, they haven't all been protected. I heard the Chancellor himself back in February say we can't protect every business. We haven't had an approach which said which businesses were viable, how can we support them.Robert Jenrick[0:39:24] Faced with a pandemic you cannot protect every single business and every single job.Thangam Debbonaire[0:39:30] Say that to the people who lost their jobs.Robert Jenrick[0:39:32] We have done the furlough scheme. We've done --Thangam Debbonaire[0:39:38] Say that to people who lost their jobs.Robert Jenrick[0:39:42] We are desperately sorry for them. But we have done as much as any country in the world. It is all well and good for you, with hindsight, to say we would have done it differently. The world's most extensive package of support.Thangam Debbonaire[0:40:02] Left out adequate sick pay for people told to isolate. People who can't afford to take time off work when told to isolate without adequate compensation. What about the 3 million self-employed --Robert Jenrick[0:40:16] We have provided support for the self-employed.Thangam Debbonaire[0:40:18] There have been so many that haven't been able to. You know there have been many people who haven't been able to afford to do that. You know that.John Bercow[0:40:28] The adage we should be driven by data not dates has been turned on its head. In this case, as explained by Hugh, the reality is that we have been driven or at least the government has doggedly and dogmatically been driven by dates, irrespective of the emerging data. It is a minor but significant scandal that the SAGE report was leaked out at the last minute after the conclusion of the case. Although Hugh put his point forcefully, I think it should be emphasised that, really, Hugh and his colleague lost the case essentially on a technicality about the unavailability of sufficient time to determine the matter before the 17 May. What I say to Robert is none of the facts that you've adduced about government support programmes is going at this moment to be disputed by me, but what I would very politely say to you, Robert, looking at it in human terms rather than government statistical terms, is this: The sector has 3 million people working in it. It owes 2,000 million pounds in unpaid rent at the moment it can't pay and it is losing 200 million pounds not a week, not a month, not a year, it is losing 200 million pounds a day. The proposition that I put to you is while you sit in ministerial offices and reflect and commentate on what the future might hold, businesses are going to the wall. Fiona, my own view, for what it is worth, is one should look at these issues on a case-by-case basis. I'm extremely cautious and apply --
Fiona Bruce[0:42:08] Let's not stray into that.John Bercow[0:42:10] On this issue, I think Hugh is right and I think the sector deserves relief and support.
Robert Jenrick[0:42:18] One point of fact. The reason to stick to the dates that we've talked about and why that doesn't conflict with the data not dates point, is that it takes talks five weeks to gather the correct data so that you can make the most informed decision. That's the point that the minister, Chris Witty, our experts, review the data in the knowledge of all the facts, make a decision, then provide sufficient time for the sector to provide for whatever the outcome is. That is why it is better not to rush and make a decision before you're armed with all the information.
Fiona Bruce[0:42:50] Hugh.
Hugh Osmond[0:42:52] I'm afraid that's incorrect. Contrary to what was said earlier, we do have access for the data. The roadmap, the way out of lockdown, was based on three models, three principal models. The assumptions behind the models were published, I'm pleased to say. What we can actually see is that in all respects the data has consistently, from the end of January, been better than those models. For example, if we take vaccines themselves, which has been a tremendous achievement by the country, which is now being squandered, we can see the assumptions that we used in those models and we can see the uptake amongst the vulnerable was much greater than the models assumed.Hugh Osmond
[0:43:42] We can see that the effectiveness of preventing effectiveness in severe disease was better than assumed, and it we can see the transmission of people vaccinated is better than the models assumed. We can see the number of cases has fallen faster than the models assumed, that the number of hospital admissions has fallen. So we had enough data a month ago to see the assumptions behind the models were wrong from the start, from the outset were based on bad data. As soon as the real world data start coming in it proved unequivocally that those assumptions were wrong, yet the government has not changed its position, has not followed data rather than dates. It has been hung up on dates. All the while, since at least 8 April, it has been sitting on a report from SAGE saying that hospitality wasn't even responsible.

Fiona Bruce
[0:44:38] Deborah.

Deborah Frances-White
[0:44:42] I'm a comedian, I would love to be standing in front of an audience having a wonderful time. As a dual citizen, I'm Australian. They have had 900 deaths in Australian. Just over. They have a population of 26 million. Commensurately, we could have had, say, 3,000 deaths here. Maybe, okay, we are densely populated so maybe 6,000. What have we had, 126,000 deaths, something like that.
Fiona Bruce[0:50:10] Do you have the power to make that happen or will you just talk about it?Robert Jenrick[0:50:14] There's a lot of things the government can do. We can pass laws, we can regulate the game more. You saw from the decisive action the Prime Minister and Culture Secretary took that we do have the power to intervene and to make things happen. I'm pleased that we killed that proposal and I hope we can use this as an opportunity to make the game more dynamic, more democratic and more in the interests of the fan who ultimately -- that's what the game is all about.Thangam Debbonaire[0:50:46] I'm glad that the government has heeded the call of my colleague, the Shadow Minister of Sport. We have been calling for many a long year for fans to be in charge of what happens in their clubs, as they are in other countries. I think we need to see this followed through now, not just a convenient sound-bite at election time. It has to be followed through.Fiona Bruce[0:51:08] Hugh?
AudienceMember 20210819QT20[0:51:10] Well, look, I'm not an expert at football but some years the dynamics in top sport have been changing very dramatically so that the money that flows into these clubs rather than coming from the immediate fans in person has moved far more towards the media rights, sponsorship rights and all these other rights that they manage to sell. This has become a much more important source of income for all these clubs than the fans themselves. In a sense, something like this was always bound to happen. I think it is good that it has come to a head now because the -- you know, the people, both the players, the managers, the owners of these clubs, they need always to remember that ultimately they are dependent on the fans. They are there to play sport but they are also there to entertain. And I'm actually pleased that it has come to a crunch.AudienceMember 20210819QT22[0:52:08] But I think it has been coming for some time because of the move away from what you take on the gate to all the media rights. I think it is a good thing and it will end up being better for football even though it has been a sad episode.
Fiona Bruce[0:52:22] Let's hear from the audience.
AudienceMember 20210819QT23[0:52:24] I'm not a football fan but I certainly celebrate any shift of power to the people. What shocked me was hearing the Prime Minister say that he understood that anger. Boris, doesn't he understand the anger behind the Me Too movement or even the anger over the Northern Ireland protocol? I am shocked that he didn't just blank it, disapprove of the violence.AudienceMember 20210819QT24[0:52:58] It is never going to happen. There's too much money in football. The people who own the clubs have so much money, the people who sponsor it have so much money. If fan power wants to happen, these big boys need to go out, play in their Super League in Europe, and teams need to be recreated where fans can have a relationship with the players who play for them. As it stands now, not a chance. Too much money. Can we see it coming back? I don't think so.
Deborah Frances-White[0:53:34] What I will say is that I have loved seeing British people so politically engaged. It is politics. There is a sense of power -- you know, power to the people. And they got something shifted. I just wish we would all engage that way.Deborah Frances-White[0:53:52] I understand how important football is to people. It really, really is. I'm not saying that the NHS and housing and schooling is as important as football because I don't want hate Tweets. But it is up there, surely. Wouldn't it be great if people were as engaged or more engaged about those things because it clearly works. The European super league died a death as far as I can make out on Twitter because the people didn't want it. What else could we ask for if we went to this government and said: We're not having it.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:24] Becky.
AudienceMember 20210819QT25[0:54:24] I think it is an interesting point for a Tory minister to make that there needs to be a shift in power yet there are other examples of where there needs to be a shift in power. How do you feel that is possibly when the rights of people being able to protest is being attacked?
Fiona Bruce[0:54:44] If I have time I'll come back to you on that.Fiona Bruce[0:54:46] John, I need to let you answer this question. Is there any way that the kind of German model could be seen here, where the fans are the majority shareholders in the club?John Bercow[0:54:56] Yes, it could be. I'm glad you are familiar with the German model. It is a commendable one. I look forward to what the review finds. I agree with Robert, she is a seriously minded and independently-focused person. Frankly, I think that the very principle of competitive sport was brutally violated by these big billionaires meeting in solemn and conspiratorial conclave and plotting the takeover of the sport on the basis you pay your admin fee, you get admitted and never get removed.Fiona Bruce[0:55:36] Let's not forget some of these billionaires have stumped up the money for the players.
John Bercow[0:55:44] That's a sore point. I'm an Arsenal supporter. My particular bug bear is if you are going to have billionaires involved, and I would like to see much greater fan control, it would be a good start if those people cared a flying flamingos goal about the sport of football. The problem with Stan Chronicy, whose temerity, whose audacity, whose cheek, sheer chutzpah beggars belief, me doesn't know one end of a football pitch from the other. He is based in the United States, never comes to the UK, and my message to him is the same as Ian Wright's, Stan Chronicy, get out of our club.John Bercow[0:56:30] I admire in other clubs people who stand up to be counted. I hugely admire Ian Wright, Gary Neville and the rest. They led, the fans have put a terrific protest and this time this protest must persist until it prevails. As Robert said, the government does have power and wouldn't it be a good thing if this time around it used that power for the benefit of the public as a whole.
Fiona Bruce[0:57:00] Our hour is up. Football is something we could talk about for a long time. It is talked about a lot in my own household. Ron, forgive me, we're out of time.Deborah Frances-White[0:21:22] No. I feel he wasn't outraged. He didn't say it was appalling. His first response was not to say: This cannot stand. All the people going out with Kill the Bill I don't think he is with us. But I want him to listen and I feel maybe he will. On the up side he seems like a statesperson, he seems like a grownup. He brushes his hair before he does speeches. That's an appeal for me as opposed to our current Prime Minister.

Fiona Bruce[0:21:52] That is setting the bar pretty low.

Deborah Frances-White[0:21:56] This is where we are at the bottom of the battle. If you ask me now would I rather have Keir Starmer or Boris Johnson, of course, Keir Starmer, yes, please. But I would love to see more from him on Black Lives Matter, I would love to see more from him on really going out and being in opposition. But I value that he doesn't oppose things that shouldn't be opposed just for the sake of opposing them.

Fiona Bruce[0:22:22] Robert.

Robert Jenrick[0:22:26] We don't know what the outcome is going to be in Hartlepool.

Fiona Bruce[0:22:30] Are you feeling chipper?

Robert Jenrick[0:22:34] It would be unusual for the terms to be close. It is quite unusual for governments even to hold their own seats in --

Fiona Bruce[0:22:42] It has only happened twice.

Robert Jenrick[0:22:46] I was at a -- in 2014 and that was the first time for 25 years. Many factors, not me being the decisive one. William Hague was elected in 1989. So it is unusual even to be close in these situationsRobert Jenrick[0:46:42] We managed to achieve it so far thanks to the success of the vaccine programme. 35 million have had their first jab but there are 18 million adults in the country that -- that's going to take more weeks. We need to show a degree of patience, be cautious, and get through the remaining stages.

Deborah Frances-White[0:47:04] Why do you think Australia has had 900 deaths?

Robert Jenrick[0:47:10] There are many different reasons why countries have responded differently. Now isn't the right time for us to make comparisons. They have not been good comparisons in the past.

Fiona Bruce[0:47:20] When is the right time?

Robert Jenrick[0:47:22] Once we are through the pandemic. If your point is let's hold an inquiry, let's do that once we are through this. The government is focused on the vaccine programme, recovery post-pandemic, sustaining people's jobs. Tackling the backlog in the Health Service and public service.

John Bercow[0:47:56] One thing one week, another thing another week.

Robert Jenrick[0:48:00] John, are you saying --

John Bercow[0:48:04] What I'm saying is follow the --

Fiona Bruce[0:48:06] Don't talk at the same time or no one will hear either of you.

John Bercow[0:48:12] Robert, the reality of the matter is that the government have stopped and started, gone hither and I do not know, broken its promises, misled people, it has been a catalogue of ineptitude on an industrial scale therefore I can well understand, Robert, why you are fighting shy of a full public inquiry. But a full public inquiry there should be. A full public inquiry there will be and when that full public inquiry takes place, we will see an unsparing spotlight on just how much has been done so badly over such a short period.Fiona Bruce[0:45:08] 127,000 deaths.Deborah Frances-White[0:45:12] That's disgraceful. That's an outrage. We had this hokey-cokey lockdown of no, we're out, we're eating out to help out, now we're staying in to avoid dying. All of the confusion. It feels like now it is relevantly safe, we're locked in, but at Christmas we were all out when we weren't vaccinated, none of us were vaccinated, we were all out eating out to help out. It has been such --
Fiona Bruce[0:45:42] We weren't eating out to help out at Christmas. It was earlier.
Deborah Frances-White[0:45:48] We were let out a bit at Christmas.
Fiona Bruce[0:45:50] Do you think hospitality should open now or not?
Deborah Frances-White[0:45:54] I don't know because I'm getting my information from this government and they are the absolute worse. I wish I knew. But I look at Australia, at New Zealand, I say it could have been done and it could have been different. Yes, we did very well with vaccines, but why are people voting for the Conservatives in Hartlepool? It is a mystery to me. They are looking at the last bit, oh, we've been quickly vaccinated. You must feel really awful about 126,000 deaths as somebody in the Cabinet.
Robert Jenrick[0:46:30] Every death is one too many. But the point we're at now -- you are almost making the government for the government's roadmap. People want certainty, they want a roadmap they can have confidence in and that is what the roadmap is providing.Fiona Bruce[0:48:58] I am going to move on. I want to get one more question in which quite a few people wanted to speak about. Charlie.AudienceMember 20210819QT19[0:49:06] Just quickly. Do you think that the pitch invasions by the fans at Manchester United will contribute to a change of power towards fans or will they ultimately be ignored?Fiona Bruce[0:49:18] Robert.Robert Jenrick[0:49:20] Well, the government acted very swiftly when the plans came forward by the bosses and the owners --Fiona Bruce[0:49:26] For the European Super League.Robert Jenrick[0:49:28] I think that was absolutely right. It goes against all the spirit of the game. It would have destroyed the game.Fiona Bruce[0:49:34] Should fans have more power?Robert Jenrick[0:49:36] I think fans absolutely should do. We're doing a review led by Tracy Crouch who people will know is one of the most independent-minded members of Parliament. She has been thinking about this for a long time. I've got confidence the government will take forward the proposals. We need now a shift in the fundamental power dynamic in the game away from big billionaires back to the fans. Because football is part of our heritage, our culture, whether that's the biggest or smallest clubs.Fiona Bruce[0:00:48] Exports of sausages and other chilled meat from Britain to Northern Ireland will effectively be banned at the end of this month because they are not coming from within the EU.Lucy Powell[0:01:00] They are subject to a lot of checks and the Prime Minister said that the Northern Ireland protocol was ingenious and would not result in checks or barriers or border, but that's what we are seeing and in effect there is a border down the Irish Sea.Fiona Bruce[0:01:16] What would you do differently?Lucy Powell[0:01:20] Well, what we are saying, which is what Biden is calling for, the British Government should align with the EU when it comes to food standards and veterinary services and that would get rid of most of the issues that we're seeing because the Government said they want high standards in food safety and so on, so there shouldn't be any problem for that.Lucy Powell[0:01:38] One of the reasons that the Tory Party were so against this issue of alignment was because they thought that would stop them getting a trade agreement with the US. Well, of course, now that we've got this change in administration, we are seeing a change in tone. The Government need to get on with it. They need flexibility and compromise because the EU can be absurd sometimes as well, but there is a way through this if the Government is prepared to take it.
Fiona Bruce[0:02:04] Yanis, you have got an extensive experience of dealing with the EU. Is the EU having its sausages and eating it? Is the EU being difficult or the Government having signed up to something that it didn't understand?Yanis Varoufakis[0:03:10] We have seen that already with the President of the European Commission trying to cover up her own vaccines procurement fiasco by banning exports to Northern Ireland. Maybe this is the sausage war or crisis we had to have so that some common sense prevails. Both sides have to accept that they have to work closely together so we might as well do this harmoniously.
Fiona Bruce[0:03:36] Frank, what about Joe Biden's role in all this? After all, he is the American on the panel. He has come over here. There has been lots of briefing beforehand that he will try and bang heads together and get some kind of compromise?Frank Luntz
[0:03:52] It bothers me because America has been too loud and too involved in too many things that it should leave to the UK and Europe. We had a president for 4 years. I mentioned to you that I was lucky enough to see Mr Trump just before he left office and I walked up to him and I asked him, "What does the J in Donald J Trump stand for?" You know what he told me? Genius. The US needs to remain quieter and let the UK and the EU sort it out.

Fiona Bruce
[0:04:32] Do you think Joe Biden should play a role in that?

Frank Luntz
[0:04:36] He should play a role in compromise and common sense, those are the roles that America should be doing going forward, but they should not be dictating policy. They need to speak less and listen more.

Fiona Bruce
[0:04:48] I know you're resident in the UK for many years. Show the audience your shoes that you put on this evening. You can just stick them out the side.

Frank Luntz
[0:04:56] I actually took it off.

Fiona Bruce
[0:04:58] This is Frank making the point here. This is a British story. I love the UK or who is my favourite rock band, it is one or the or the other, but for Roger Daltrey, here you go.
Fiona Bruce[0:05:12] Sausage wars, we heard Lord Frost saying we under estimated the effect of the protocol on goods movements to Northern Ireland, effectively saying the Government didn't understand what it had signed up to and it is having to deal with it.Gillian Keegan[0:05:34] To trade agreements are complex...Fiona Bruce[0:05:40] When you say it is the difference between what we say.Gillian Keegan[0:05:44] Let me get it out. They have the legal right to inspect every sausage. They probably have the legal right to open every packet and inspect every sausage. Is that reasonable? Is that necessary? So what happens when you put these things in place and sometimes they take a bit of time which is why we had this period to bed things in to get some of the practicalities out, but what happens is there is many things you have. You get trusted trade status. We know that sausage is staying in a supermarket in Northern Ireland and it is going to a frying pan in Northern Ireland. It is not going to the EU. You get sensible practical solutions. We have had the period of time which was supposed to iron out some of the technicalities, and what happened, they are using the legal right to basically make it impossible almost to get these goods on to the shelves in Irish supermarkets...Fiona Bruce[0:06:40] This is not something you saw coming, not according to Lord Frost anyway?
Gillian Keegan[0:06:46] You wouldn't expect there would be a harsh implementation that you wouldn't get things on to the shelves of supermarkets. They are concerned this is a back door into the single market. I understand that they want to keep the single market protected. We are talking about goods going from the EU to Northern Ireland. Get around the table, we haven't got time now. Time is short. Let's get some sensible approaches so we make it easier for these things to be exported and we all want the same thing in terms of the Belfast agreement, the settlement...
Fiona Bruce[0:07:26] Kavita is desperate to come in.
Kavita Oberoi[0:07:34] What surprises me, you say we didn't understand what we were signing...
Gillian Keegan[0:07:42] I didn't say that.
Kavita Oberoi[0:07:44] Lord Frost... In business when we're two parties, we sign agreements and once we signed on the dotted line, that's gospel. Okay, that's gospel. If we didn't understand, we seek legal counsel at the time, and I think what is happening now, obviously the Northern Ireland protocol, I don't know the detail, it overrides the Belfast agreement and that's why we're having these issues and obviously it has to be worked through, but from a business perspective, you have to look at what you're getting into and we've got into that now.Kavita Oberoi
[0:08:16] No wonder, you know, the EU, like you said Yanis, are behaving like spoilt brats and we've got contentions over in the UK, but those agreements were signed and those agreements are there now. So I'm going to be interested how we navigate out of this now and I feel sorry for the people in Northern Ireland and the peace there because it will affect peace there. It is bigger than sausage wars.

Fiona Bruce
[0:08:50] Let's hear from our audience.

AudienceMember 20210805QT02
[0:08:52] Once upon a time our word was our bond. We did it at the last minute, maybe there wasn't enough thinking. What other problems are we going to have from the Brexit agreement? If we sign an agreement we should stick to it. If we haven't done the homework to work out it is a sensible agreement, then we have to work things out. I am afraid this mess is very much about getting Brexit done as quickly as possible without thinking of ramifications.
Fiona Bruce[0:09:26] Martin.AudienceMember 20210805QT03[0:09:28] I question whether or not animal welfare standards are below the EU's standards. Is that the Labour Party's position?Lucy Powell[0:09:38] We have high standards in this country so we've got nothing to fear from alignment with the EU. We've got those high standards and, in fact, it is the Government's ambition, I understand, to kind of raise those even higher. So I don't understand why we are so fearful of that when it is something that won't scupper a trade deal with the US and would enable the free-flowing movement of sausages and other goods.Fiona Bruce[0:10:02] Does that answer your question, Martin? Is this something, forgive me, Martin, I don't know if you voted for Brexit or against Brexit?AudienceMember 20210805QT04[0:10:10] I voted for Brexit.Fiona Bruce[0:10:12] Is this how you thought it would turn out in terms of Northern Ireland? Are you happy with what you see?AudienceMember 20210805QT05[0:10:22] Northern Ireland wasn't my biggest concern when I voted to leave the EU, but it is something that is becoming a bit of a dog's dinner. The Government really do need to get control over this, for all types of exports of Northern Ireland.Fiona Bruce[0:10:42] Sherry.
AudienceMember 20210805QT06[0:10:44] We're renowned for being a bit petty. They came up with a rule that you couldn't sell a banana because it was the wrong shape.
Fiona Bruce[0:10:54] Well, there is some conjecture, I don't think that's actually true, but it was written up a lot in the papers at the time, but as it turned out, it was not true.
Lucy Powell[0:11:06] Another bit of fake news.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:14] Tony.
AudienceMember 20210805QT07[0:11:16] It is a nonsense. Nobody is suggesting for a minute that the chilled meats coming from the mainland to Northern Ireland are in any way unsafe. Come on, EU, accept the fact that Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom and let's get round the table and sort it out. I mean, the people in Southern Ireland must be appalled because it must have an impact on their free movement as well and free trade. These things can all be sorted out if there is a willingness on both parties to get together and address it with some common sense and move on.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:48] Gillian, what are we expecting to see? The mood music coming out of the meetings between the EU and the UK at the moment is not particularly harmonious.
Gillian Keegan[0:11:58] We have been there before.
Fiona Bruce[0:12:00] The UK is threatening to unilaterally increase the grace period...
Gillian Keegan[0:12:06] We have been there before.Fiona Bruce[0:12:06] Therefore, not to ban sausages and other chilled meats going to Northern Ireland. Is that likely to happen?

Gillian Keegan[0:12:12] One of the things that I've learnt, these agreements are nothing like any business agreement that I did in the 30 years I was a commercial negotiator...

Fiona Bruce[0:12:24] I'm not surprised. It was undoing a trade deal of 40 years.

Gillian Keegan[0:12:28] I've read tonnes of these things now. They're written in a different level. They're written at a very different level so you can get these things started and then they evolve over time. So, it does need to have good faith and good faith negotiations and discussions. They absolutely require that. Now, we have been in this position before where there has been a bit of a leverage play, it goes up to the wire, it seems to be what happens, but hope with President Biden urging some sense as well that we can come into the room and have a sensible -- it isn't actually rocket science to sort it out. If there is trust and will, you can come up with solution. As Tony said, nobody thinks that the sausages or meat will be swarming into the EU and upsetting some balance of trade or that they're going to be unsafe. Neither of those things are true, but they are deliberately at a different level which is something I found interesting when I started to work in politics as opposed to business.Fiona Bruce[0:13:28] I'm going to take a question from Hannah.
AudienceMember 20210805QT08[0:13:32] Hi. With the exponential growth in case numbers in the north-west, should the country extend the lockdown, use local restrictions or unlock as planned?
Fiona Bruce[0:13:44] Well, as you say, Hannah, cases are growing in the north-west and growing much more slowly across the rest of the UK. Kavita, extend the lockdown, use local restrictions, unlock for all?
Kavita Oberoi[0:14:00] So, a number of prospectives. Right from the start, for business, obviously it has been really, really challenging from the start. In business, you have to be driven by the data. Any decision-making is always driven by data and statistics. And I think right throughout the Government hasn't been the best at managing and looking at the data, making those decisions and, you know, last week, we've had 7500 cases which has been the highest since March. Now, I know that we've got less hospitalisations, vaccinations are there.
Fiona Bruce[0:14:44] Do you think we should unlock on 21st June...
Kavita Oberoi[0:14:48] For the younger population, my concern, what my concern is, I've got a 21-year-old and I've got friends who have got 21-year-olds who have got long COVID, so for me, we should be careful about the restrictions. We should have localised restrictions, because we don't want to go into a full-blown lockdown again and I think we still have to think about health. Health is wealth. We've got to navigate through this.Fiona Bruce[0:15:14] Local restrictions would be the way forward.Kavita Oberoi[0:15:16] Absolutely, yes.Fiona Bruce[0:15:18] Lucy, as a Manchester MP.Lucy Powell[0:15:24] I'm not for local restrictions. We tried that before and it didn't work...Fiona Bruce[0:15:30] Given that it is so much worse in the north-west.Lucy Powell[0:15:36] We had it much worse last time and we were ahead of the curve, if you like, last time round which is why I think that some of the measures that are now being brought into Greater Manchester and Lancashire could and should have happened many months sooner, vaccine surges and testing surges, doing a lot more to enable people to get their second doses, doing a lot more on that long tail of, we've done really well at quick vaccinations of the willing and able, but those that still haven't had their vaccines, but are in the qualifying groups, we need to a lot more to get those there.Fiona Bruce[0:16:10] On 21st June?Lucy Powell[0:16:14] It is mainly younger people who are getting the infections. The vaccine is working. Those over the age of 65, the number is almost flat in that, and hospitalisations as a result are much lower and are quite different to what...Fiona Bruce[0:16:30] 21st June?Lucy Powell[0:16:32] What I want to know about 21st June, we would like it to happen. I always thought that the whole idea of a big freedom day, of a massive unlocking was a misnomer and has raised expectations in the wrong way, but what is the Plan B if that is not going to be the case? I've not heard anything about that. I don't know what economic support is going for businesses that would still have to close. I don't know what we're going to be doing about the rising infections. In Greater Manchester that's having a massive impact on young people at school. There is a huge disruption now because it is racing through secondary schools and colleges. Businesses are having to close because increasingly staff are getting pinged by the app and have to stay at home for 10 days and so on and making business unviable. So, in the event that we do unlock, what's the plan? The case that we don't unlock, what's the Plan B and what would be the terms under which further restrictions would ease later on?Fiona Bruce[0:17:26] Okay.
Lucy Powell[0:17:28] We have an absence of leadership on that.
Fiona Bruce[0:17:30] Gillian, I'm sure you can answer all those questions. I'll come to you in a minute. Beth.
AudienceMember 20210805QT09[0:17:36] We saw the last time when there was varying local restrictions with nobody knowing what was happening and people leaving London before Christmas and going back up. It is an infectious disease that's not going to respect the borough boundary where you can't go to a nightclub. I think, ultimately, you need to think about delaying from 21st June to keep the rest of the country safe and to keep young people in the north-west safe as well.
Fiona Bruce[0:18:06] Dale.
AudienceMember 20210805QT10[0:18:08] Hi there. I think we just need to lift it and we know hospitalisations are going down and obviously the infection rates are, but nobody is going to hospital because that's going low...
Fiona Bruce[0:18:22] Just to be clear, hospitalisations are going up - no, they're going up slowly, very slowly, but not going down.
AudienceMember 20210805QT11[0:18:32] Okay, Fiona. But again, now we've gotten into a pandemic of mental health with people staying at home and being in lockdown. So, we now need to move from that and we know that we have to live with COVID and that is going to be our new norm. I think we need to lift it and the 21st needs to go back, try to go back to how we were before.Fiona Bruce
[0:18:56] Natalie, what's your view?

AudienceMember 20210805QT12
[0:18:58] I think for me, I live in Manchester and my parents live in Liverpool. When we had the local lockdown in Manchester last time, my dad, who is a taxi driver, said the amount of people that he was picking up from Manchester was so high. So I feel as though going down the local lockdown approach, it is a sort of a false safety because a lot of people won't respect that and will just go somewhere else anyway. So all you end up doing is just spreading the COVID to other areas where maybe it is not as high. I feel as though, you know, we need to continue following the science and look at how it goes and then respect what the science tells us.

Fiona Bruce
[0:19:38] Joe?

AudienceMember 20210805QT13
[0:19:42] I think easing the restrictions too quickly could cause us some catastrophic problems. We've got students who are going home from university very shortly. There will be a big movement of people across the country. I certainly feel very uneasy about going into a supermarket without wearing face masks. I will still continue to do so and you can't legislate for other people, and I think, whilst we have a variant on our hands which is demonstrating to be extremely contagious, I think we need to be very mindful of how we manage that. I don't think anybody would have an issue with continuing the restrictions we've currently got.
Gillian Keegan[0:21:46] Get the evidence and the data and these are the tough decisions that government had to make. We've had to make them all along. There is a lot of people who want to go slower and a lot of people who want to go faster. The impact on business is devastating, the impact on events and the summer events is devastating. There is nothing easy about these decisions. I haven't seen the data. The Government is getting the data. Clearly, we have the furlough in place until September. We've done this before, right, we know what the pieces are. In terms of local lockdowns, what we've basically said we're doing surge testing and we're opening longer. We've got buses, pop-up vaccination centres. We're trying to get more people vaccinated. People are coming forward...Fiona Bruce[0:22:30] Not surge vaccines.Gillian Keegan[0:22:36] We have followed JCVI and we have been bang on, and if you look at where we are, we're vaccinating under-25s...Lucy Powell[0:22:50] But the impact of COVID on people in Bolton and Greater Manchester and Lancashire who have gone through waves of this now...Gillian Keegan[0:22:58] I understand, Lucy.Lucy Powell[0:23:00] It is greater than for those who live in the far west.Gillian Keegan[0:23:06] We listen to the scientists.Lucy Powell[0:23:08] You don't always listen to the scientists.Frank Luntz
[0:23:10] I have been through this in the States, don't do this, seriously. They deserve better. We have a situation where Democrats get vaccinated in the States and Republicans don't, because Republicans saw it as being a political issue. This is the one case, I understand that you want to be in government and you want to keep government. This kind of stuff actually makes them confused. All they want are the facts. All they want is the truth. All they want is substance. Please, learn from us. I've...

Lucy Powell
[0:23:40] The problem is the supply of it.

Gillian Keegan
[0:23:44] It is growing.

Frank Luntz
[0:23:48] We have not done as well as you have, congratulations. Just on this one issue, don't politicise it.

Gillian Keegan
[0:23:56] That's why the JCVI are there.

Fiona Bruce
[0:24:00] Yanis.

Yanis Varoufakis
[0:24:02] My concern is that we shouldn't take for granted the capacity of the State or organised society to impose lockdowns. The more we delay opening up, the more deadlines we violate. The lesser the capacity of the State or the Government to convince especially young people to follow the rules.
Yanis Varoufakis[0:24:24] As far as I'm concerned, especially given the great success of your vaccination programme, unlike the European Union's fiasco, our rate of vaccination has reached 20% of fully vaccinated people in Greece, it is pathetic. Given your success, it is important not to continue with lockdowns, but to invest a lot of effort, money as well, in suppressing the virus, in persuading people to get vaccinated, in tracking and tracing those who are not and, you know, doing the hard work of carrying the population with you. That, for me, is the number one priority for Britain now.Frank Luntz[0:25:08] Also give them the evidence. Virtually every doctor has gotten vaccinated. Why? Because they know the facts. They know the information. It is not enough to say, "You should do it." You have to give them facts behind it, that the vaccinations are safer than what we take for the flu and more effective. That you have a responsibility, not just to yourselves, your family and your friends and your community, we have to make the case. They have to know the facts and when they do, they will choose vaccinations.Fiona Bruce[0:27:40] A question from Rose.AudienceMember 20210805QT15[0:27:42] How is it justifiable to cut foreign aid in a global pandemic?Fiona Bruce[0:27:48] The UK has reduced spending. Rose, is this what you're referring to of national income this year? Gillian.Gillian Keegan[0:27:58] International aid is vitally important. It saves people's lives...Fiona Bruce[0:28:02] You're cutting it. How is it justifiable to cut it?Gillian Keegan[0:28:06] First of all, we're one of the biggest spenders in the world and in the G7, the people who are meeting this week. By the way, more than Labour spent during their whole time, they never got above 0.5% through their time in government. Just to put that in context. Just to put that in context. It is £10 billion, which is a lot of money and it doesn't include a couple of things that we've been spending on in the interim that will benefit...Fiona Bruce[0:28:32] The question is how is it justifiable to cut it?Gillian Keegan[0:28:34] I was just about to justify it. It was on the tip of my tongue. As well as the £10 billion, there is sings this we've which will benefit the people who need it most. These people who need the international aid. The development of the AstraZeneca vaccine which is one-third of all the vaccines that have been done in the world is that vaccine that we paid for. We that. That's the first thing.Gillian Keegan[0:29:00] We've put £0.5 billion into covax. That's the second thing and the third thing is we have said we will work with the G7, this is going be to discussed in the next couple of days to vaccinate everybody in the world by the end of next year which will involve us giving some vaccines and re-routing vaccines et cetera, we know that. They will be working on the plan. That's on top of the £10 billion which is one of the biggest aid spends in the world and of course, we know why we've made that because we've been investing in all these other things which I think personally will be a greater benefit to the international community - right now the greatest benefit to the international community is to get everybody vaccinated. That's where we shifted the priority, but it is important.
Fiona Bruce[0:29:50] When we've got the Commons speaker calling on a vote for MPs on this issue. Do you agree?
Gillian Keegan[0:30:00] I don't know. There was a lot of streamlining aid.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:06] I need to let the rest of the panel in. Lucy.Lucy Powell[0:30:10] It is shameful when we're trying to lead the world and hosting the G7 and other actions that we're cutting the percentage of GDP, lets not forget, it is a percentage of GDP, so when you have an economic crisis as we have had in the last year, that amount reduces because it is a percentage. So it would have reduced anyway due to the pandemic, but the Government have decided to reduce the percentage as well and it does take us below countries like Turkey, like Saudi Arabia, in terms of contribution to aid in this world and I think that is pretty shameful. The only one of the G7 countries to do this action...
Fiona Bruce[0:30:46] We will be second biggest donor in...
Lucy Powell[0:30:52] We will be taken over by France and Germany because they're not cutting. As I say, it takes us way behind some of the countries like Turkey and Saudi Arabia, and why is it a good thing to do? Because, as we have seen with the Indian variant, what happens abroad affects us at home and if we cut aid at this vital time, in things like healthcare services because it is not just about the supply of vaccines, it is about having the programmes and the infrastructure on the ground to get those vaccines into people's arms, we will see a rise in refugees.Lucy Powell[0:31:20] We will see a rise in military conflict and other issues that affect us here at home. That's why we have that moral obligation for foreign aid spending of 0.7% of GDP, something the Labour Party brought in because we had a very, very low base in aid spending beforehand and it has worked for us.
Frank Luntz[0:31:42] It is not how much you spend, it is how you spend it. Is the impact meaningful and measurable? Do you actually change people's lives and can you prove it through the data afterward? The public doesn't oppose foreign spending, it doesn't oppose foreign aid. They simply want it to be efficient, effective and accountable, so you get more for less, so you actually do what you promise you're going to do and, if you fail, people are held accountable.
Lucy Powell[0:32:12] It is the worst of all worlds, then. The Government are saying they're only going to cut it this year...
Frank Luntz[0:32:18] Why do you always attack the Government? They're asking for solutions. This was a specific policy and everything the Government does is correct. No, it's not. If we want to action that, this is my commitment and this is why I'm here in the UK, to make a difference in the democracy. I know how much the US has been destroyed by debates like this. I know that we can't have these conversations anymore without insulting each other.Gillian Keegan[0:32:46] We haven't insulted each other Lucy is a friend.

Lucy Powell[0:32:50] We have a different view on these issues. No.

Fiona Bruce[0:32:54] No one has insulted each other.

Frank Luntz[0:32:58] Find the common ground and measures rather than numbers.

Kavita Oberoi[0:33:04] I understand some of the cuts have been made in water and, you know, and the cuts are temporary, and think about children, the number of children who are probably going to die through this because they haven't got their immune systems and that water isn't sanitised they haven't got their immune systems and that water isn't sanitised and for me I'm really passionate about women and children. Women aren't going to have access to emergency contraception and all those things and, you know, we're going to have bigger implications, so you know, I think we can get through this.

Gillian Keegan[0:33:38] £10 billion is a lot to spend on those things.

Fiona Bruce[0:33:46] We will hear from our audience, Alex.

AudienceMember 20210805QT16[0:33:50] I think it is shameful and unjustifiable to cut the amount of foreign aid. We are one of the wealthiest countries in the world and it is right that we give the largest amounts. The wealth that we have in this nation was, in large part, built through exploiting the human and natural resources of less economically developed countries. We should be helping them out at this awful time of the pandemic.Fiona Bruce
[0:35:30] Richard.

AudienceMember 20210805QT19
[0:35:32] Thank you, Fiona. I think the chap on the panel has got it right. Let's stop politicising this and let's work out what it is that we need to do. Lots of people are putting money into this but what is it we're trying to achieve here? Pounds after pounds and euros after euros and dollars after dollars are going into this pot, and all we're saying is more needs to be delivered. More needs to be delivered. Where is it going? Who is getting it? Let's have some feedback to the good that's being done and maybe we can go to the next step and say let's put our hands in our pockets even more.

Fiona Bruce
[0:36:16] Yanis.

Yanis Varoufakis
[0:36:18] The direction of change is all important. You see, it is very different to say that, okay, let's find out whether we should be spending more money on a shelter for battered women in the Sudan or victims of a civil war. It is another to say we have been funding these centres and now we're going to turn these people out on to the street or the dirt, and that's an obnoxious decision to make. This is the definition of a false saving.
Yanis Varoufakis[0:36:54] I really don't understand what has got into Boris Johnson, by comparison to every other piece of expenditure in the Government. I can only explain this as some part by Boris Johnson's universe or Cabinet, to appeal to voters who always get excited by the thought of defunding bloody foreigners, but if I may say, Fiona, Gillian mentioned vaccinating the world. It is important to look at some very stark numbers. Since the beginning of the pandemic, in March 2020, the G7 central banks have printed $9,000 billion supporting the banking system, quantitative easing. 9,000 billion. The International Monetary Fund 3 weeks ago, estimated how much it would take to vaccinate humanity. Everyone with two doses of, you know, whatever it is, AstraZeneca, or Pfizer or whatever, the total sum came to something like 33 billion. 9,000 billion has already been printed. 33 billion would be enough to vaccinate the world. The G7 Central Bankers should do that tiny little thing that is necessary. A little blip in their, you know, printing presses would be sufficient to pay for the vaccination of the whole world without the taxpayers funding anything.Fiona Bruce[0:38:32] Becky, you've had your hand up throughout this.
AudienceMember 20210805QT20[0:38:34] Yeah. I would agree completely with the points that have just been made. I do think it is shameful and I think we're almost forgetting the human side of this. You know, countries are these conceptual things where we put borders and barriers in place and there were wars to try to get more land and power, and there are parts of this globe where there is suffering and people are dying and suffering as we speak, and then you've got other parts where there is a massive amount of wealth. I don't think it is helpful to compare ourselves to other countries and say, "Well, we're doing more than they are so we're fine." Well, they're still suffering, while there is evidence to show that the contributions are making a massive difference, we should continue to make them, plus send vaccines over. I don't think they should be decreasing funding at this time. I think it is ridiculous.
Fiona Bruce[0:39:26] Okay. We've got another question I want to take now from Will. Will Drakes.AudienceMember 20210805QT21
[0:39:30] Hi, Fiona. Is taking the knee habit actual tokenism or a massive step towards tackling racism?

Fiona Bruce
[0:39:42] You are talking about the controversy about the England football team taking the knee and then the booing that came after it and there has been comments on either side saying that it is a good thing to take the knee and others thinking it is tokenism. Frank, in sport this started in 2016.

Frank Luntz
[0:40:04] It changed over time. Initially, I was very hostile to it because I thought it was a direct insult to our men and women in uniform. The whole reason...

Fiona Bruce
[0:40:14] Why did you think that?

Frank Luntz
[0:40:16] Because it was done for the Star Spangled Banner. It was done at the start of a football game, and during the Star Spangled Banner, if we were fortunate to have a platform, you should be willing to use it, but we should have a responsibility as well, and if fans want to express their opposition to it, they have the same right. We should be...

Fiona Bruce
[0:40:44] The fact they boo, you think is equally valid?

Frank Luntz
[0:40:50] I believe we should be encouraging speech and not limiting it. This is my fear of cancel culture and moving towards woke that we will do a better job if we can discuss it and talk it out and debate it.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:08] It is hard to have a debate in a football stadium.
Frank Luntz[0:41:12] I don't think any chilling of freedom of speech is helpful to anyone at any time. Simply decide when you want to raise it and what you want to say. I have been having points of discussion. I don't speak at every point. I keep my mouth shut. I'm the foreigner here.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:32] Despite your Union Jack shoes.
Frank Luntz[0:41:38] I love the United Kingdom, I like it here and I like what you represent. For that gentleman up there who said this is a good country, you know what, you are. You are a great country and you deserve our respect.
Fiona Bruce[0:41:52] Kavita, tokenism or a massive step towards tackling racism?
Kavita Oberoi[0:42:00] We have to tackle racism and freedom of speech. Booing, what message is that sending if we're supporting that? We have the statues and etcetera that have been coming down.
Fiona Bruce[0:42:16] In terms of the game itself because there were problems within football and some fans said, "Well, we boo the taking of the knee, but then we cheer the black players afterwards."Kavita Oberoi[0:42:30] There was lots of racism towards players. From a personal perspective, growing up in the 1970s, I was called a Paki and abused on a daily basis at school. Okay. As I got through the 80s and 90s, I felt that happened less. It wasn't a nice thing, okay, and we're still getting this in this day and age and I think, you know, if the footballers, celebrities, have got a platform to raise this, and drive a change, that's what we need. We saw Marcus Rashford drive the change with the schools and he drove a policy change, and we need the Government to get behind this, to drive changes and change people's mindset because we shouldn't be now still experiencing all that racism, because I know what it feels like.Fiona Bruce[0:43:18] Rose.AudienceMember 20210805QT22[0:43:22] I just think it is so important because it keeps the conversation going. That's what the movement is about, keeping those conversations and making the changes that we need to accept that we can all be slightly discriminatory in the way we behave in society and just keep that conversation at the forefront.AudienceMember 20210805QT23[0:43:34] It is not about being unpatriotic for taking the knee. It is about learning and knowing what Britain is now and that's a multi-cultural, diverse society where we need to accept that we need to be more tolerant and more respectful to people, and if this keeps the conversation going then keep taking the knee, and I'm all for it and it should reach the point until it is acceptable.
Fiona Bruce[0:44:02] Jo, what about you. I couldn't tell which bits you were agreeing with.
AudienceMember 20210805QT24[0:44:10] There has to be a degree of respect. It's a very tricky subject. I think people are very loathe to make their comments, as I am now, because you're -- if you disagree with taking the knee you're seen to be racist. You might not be racist whatsoever.
Fiona Bruce[0:44:26] What's your feeling, Jo? This is a forum to speak your mind. Do you feel that taking the knee isn't something you particularly want to see?
AudienceMember 20210805QT25[0:44:36] No. I don't think it is. What happened, when it was done initially, it had a really dramatic effect and people stood up and took notice, and now their attention has been got and we have seen it in sports throughout that they've all boycotted social media because of racism.AudienceMember 20210805QT26[0:44:52] I think there are other more proactive ways to tackle racism and make statements without taking the knee, and I do think the more we see it, I think it becomes just the norm. It doesn't become something that's a dramatic step change, and I think the sentiment around it, it raises awareness, that's right, but I think people will get tired of it, much like they're tired of woke. Much like they're tired of being told what to think. So I respect that people do it. I understand why, but I do think it is starting to reduce the effect it had in the first place.
Fiona Bruce[0:45:32] Andrea.
AudienceMember 20210805QT27[0:45:34] I have issues with the taking of the knee. I completely understand the sentiment behind it. Racism must not be tolerated in society at all, but we have got to change the mindset of people. We've got to change how people behave...
Fiona Bruce[0:45:54] Do you think taking the knee is not helpful to that anymore?
AudienceMember 20210805QT28[0:46:00] Actually, I don't understand what it is achieving. We've got to educate people. We have got to have a zero tolerance towards racism, and taking the knee is great and I absolutely am behind, you know, showing your support for anti-racism. You know how we're re-enacting the situation that George found himself at the end of his life and I'm not sure we should be replicating. We need more education and more actions in society and that's just the bottom line. We need to see more actions.Fiona Bruce[0:46:38] It did start many years before George Floyd. I mentioned Colin Kaepernick.Frank Luntz[0:46:44] She is right. Do you want to make a statement or make a difference and she is talking about making a difference. Bravo to your point.Fiona Bruce[0:46:52] Gillian.Gillian Keegan[0:46:56] The key point, we've heard it in the audience, there is nobody who don't want to end racism, it is disgraceful and impactful and discriminatory and we know it still happens today, but what's happening here is this in itself is actually being more divisive. It is creating new divisions...Fiona Bruce[0:47:18] Do you think, footballers shouldn't take the knee?AudienceMember 20210805QT29[0:47:22] People have to make their own decisions...Fiona Bruce[0:47:24] I'm just asking your opinion.Gillian Keegan[0:47:30] Whether it is the statues or taking the knee, we've ended up with these things that divide us and united societies are what solve those big issues, they're what solve climate change and racism and they will solve the vaccine situation that we have been talking about, the global pandemic, you need to be united to do that.Fiona Bruce[0:47:46] So what's your answer to the question, Gillian, is taking the knee habit actual tokenism or tackling racism? Do you think taking the knee is a good idea?Lucy Powell
[0:49:12] I disagree with Gillian on this. The division has been created by those who don't want to have a conversation about the message and there are still those people and those people every day abuse black football players who find themselves on the end of it, whether it is publicly at matches, or whether it is on social media and elsewhere. Raheem Sterling, Marcus Rashford, but they feel fed-up that it hasn't made the progress they want and that's why what Gareth Southgate was saying was so important that we can be and we are a patriotic country that upholds traditions but at the same time demanding progress on issues that blight our society. There are people who want to make this a woke issue or divisive issue, whatever...

Fiona Bruce
[0:50:04] Others have talked about statues and all that kind of thing.

Lucy Powell
[0:50:08] I disagree with that profoundly. These are football players who have a platform who got fed-up with the fact that they're on the wrong end of racism, all the time in 2021, and they want to make a stand and it has started a conversation and, yes, of course, it is not actually, you know, making things change necessarily, but it is having that conversation and that's their right to want to keep it on the agenda and I think it is important that it does keep on the agenda.
Fiona Bruce[0:50:40] Yanis.
Yanis Varoufakis[0:50:42] I think it is actually brilliant that England players are taking the knee, feel the need to take the knee and that some people boo them, that's also fine. I'm with Frank on this.
Fiona Bruce[0:50:52] Why is that fine then? Yanis, let me ask you, why is that fine? There are plenty of people who think it isn't fine.
Yanis Varoufakis[0:51:00] Probably has traditionally attracted racist, and British National Party people. Of course, this is a small minority, but it is a vocal minority and they can sometimes, they can influence, and in fact good people who are standing next them and joining the booing because they think they are standing up for England. Quite honestly, they think that. I'm all for unity against racism, Gillian, but I'm not in favour of papering over divisions. It is important to have the conversations that we're having and we would not be having it if there was not this kind of division on the pitch.Yanis Varoufakis[0:51:40] Back in the 1980s, I used to live in England, then it was considered decisive, the fact that many of us were demonstrating against apartheid when Margaret Thatcher was supporting apartheid and supporting the continued imprisonment of Nelson Mandela. Look at you in the Tory Party. You have been shifted. This is how democracies work. If I may add one vinett. That's my view regarding the crowds. When it comes to individuals, take for instance the young cricketer, the 19-year-old, the idiotic person...Fiona Bruce[0:52:28] You're talking about Olly Robinson who tweeted or put stuff out on social media which he has apologised, but he has been suspended by the English Cricket Board.Yanis Varoufakis[0:52:42] Regarding a young person like that we should embrace him, gently, firmly, but lovingly as well, we should be kind to individuals and therefore, try to persuade and confront them.Frank Luntz[0:52:56] That's why the show is so special. This is the best English-speaking programme on television.

Fiona Bruce[0:53:02] We will have you back!

Frank Luntz[0:53:04] You have got 25 people there who get a chance to articulate whatever they want. You guys have a chance to respond to the public. This is what we need more of. If we had more shows like this, more opportunities like this, there would be less anger and less frustration and less people feeling like they're ignored or forgotten. Your participants matter and that's what we need to do in our democracy and that's what we need to do in business and society overall.

Fiona Bruce[0:53:34] Alex, I know you wanted to come back in.

AudienceMember 20210805QT30[0:53:40] I'm conflicted about it. I don't watch football. The only time I have seen footballers taking the knee is when it is showing on the news. I used to go to the theatre a lot...

Fiona Bruce[0:53:52] You used to.

AudienceMember 20210805QT31[0:53:54] I hope to again in the not too distant future, but it would become frustrating if the actors came out and took the knee and it would become a pantomime. I think it is the right message, but wrong forum.Fiona Bruce[0:54:14] Kavita?
Kavita Oberoi[0:54:16] Education and good leadership, how can we work together united to drive that? Drive that education. That's what needs to happen. As you said, you know, some people don't understand what the knee is about. They're not educated enough to understand and...
Fiona Bruce[0:54:30] The Foreign Secretary, Dominic Raab, said it seems to be taken from the Game of Thrones.
Gillian Keegan[0:54:42] He said, "I took the knee to propose to my wife".
Fiona Bruce[0:54:46] I'm not sure he was familiar with Colin Kaepernick either.
Kavita Oberoi[0:54:50] I just wanted to make a point. That's the way to go. We've got to educate society.
Fiona Bruce[0:54:56] Hannah.
AudienceMember 20210805QT32[0:54:58] Yes, there is a very famous Martin Luther King quote, that the biggest stumbling block to freedom is the white liberal. It is who is more devoted to order than to justice, who prefers a negative piece which is the absence of tension to a positive piece which is the presence of justice. So, you may not agree with taking the knee, you may not like it, if that is -- if that's how somebody wants to express themselves, if you want to stop it because it creates tension, are you really fighting racism or are you just wanting people to pretend everything is okay?Gillian Keegan
[0:55:40] No one said it has to stop.

Fiona Bruce
[0:55:42] Let me come back to you because you asked the question.

AudienceMember 20210805QT33
[0:55:46] I agree with what Frank and Yanis said and the audience members said. If it is what people want to do to show their support for each other, it is absolutely right. Words like racism stick. I think the people who are booing, I don't think the vast majority of them are racist. I think they are bored with politics getting in the way of sport. So I don't think we can call them racist, but I do think that the individual racist, people who do have to be called out and something has to be done about that. [DO NE]

Fiona Bruce
[0:56:22] Would you like to see taking the knee stop at the beginning of football games?

AudienceMember 20210805QT34
[0:56:26] No. Again, if it is what the players want to do to support each other, then that's absolutely fine. It is their right to do it.
Fiona Bruce[0:34:16] Tony.
AudienceMember 20210805QT17[0:34:16] Fiona, thank you, and panel. We should stop beating ourselves up. When we look at the developed nations, and one of the panellists got it wrong, I don't think it is GDP, I think it is a percentage of gross net income.
Fiona Bruce[0:34:30] Of national income, yes.
AudienceMember 20210805QT18[0:34:34] So let's get the facts straight. Don't beat ourselves up. We have been one of the biggest contributors. I think we're in the top five and we bring it down to 0.5%. The majority of developed countries, something like 40 countries, are nowhere near 0.5%, and those countries include USA, Japan, France, Greece, and many, many others who don't come near 0.5%, and we're going to bring our target down to 0.5%, if we add our vaccination programme to the world, it is possible our contribution will go up way above 0.7%. So, I don't think we should beat ourselves up. I think we should check the facts. See what we're doing, add the numbers together and find that we're still a very big contributor to the rest of the world with overseas aid either in monetary terms or in more practical terms.Gillian Keegan[0:48:00] They can do what they want. If you want to say do I think it is symbolism more than action? Of course, it is. Of course, it is, as Frank says, there is a symbol about it. But the most important thing is the action and we have seen it creating division and the people who are booing, most of them would like to end racism. They disagree - there is different things that people are interpreting. There are some Conservative MPs who are against it. Why? Because Black Lives Matter stand for things they don't stand for.
Fiona Bruce[0:48:32] Habitual tokenism is a comment from a Conservative MP.
Gillian Keegan[0:48:42] It is about the Black Lives Matter...
Fiona Bruce[0:48:44] Gareth Southgate...
Gillian Keegan[0:48:46] Some people will think that's supporting Black Lives Matter. I'm sure Black Lives Matter will think it is supporting them.
Fiona Bruce[0:48:54] Gareth Southgate wrote a letter talking about football's duty to wider society...
Gillian Keegan[0:49:02] It was wonderfully written. Applaud his leadership on that point.
Fiona Bruce[0:49:10] Lucy.AudienceMember 20210805QT01[0:00:00] Is the European Union having its sausages and eating it?

Fiona Bruce[0:00:04] Lucy, we're talking about the Northern Ireland Protocol

Lucy Powell[0:00:12] The issue is that the Northern Ireland protocol is a direct consequence of the type of Brexit that Boris Johnson and this government wanted to have. They didn't want to be part of the Customs Union or the single market or the other options and they don't want to align on food standards and veterinary standards which, if they were to align with the EU, which is what Biden is asking them to do, that would reduce many of the issues that we're seeing around the Northern Ireland protocol.
Yanis Varoufakis[0:02:20] London and Brussels are behaving like spoilt brats. Boris Johnson has to confess that the price of ending free movement of people is that he terminated the free movement of sausages between Britain and Northern Ireland. He has to acknowledge the impossible triangle as I call it. You cannot simultaneously have a regulatory divergence, no border within Ireland, and no border down the Irish Sea. You can have two of the three. You cannot have all three bodies. At the very same time, the European Union has been misbehaving, on the one hand yes, they have the legal right to inspect every great British banger that travels across the Irish Sea, but to do this, is an abuse of their legal right.Enter your text here...Kavita Oberoi[0:25:42] 
Public health messaging is very
important having worked in healthcare for the last 20 years, it is about reaching
communities who don't understand or have the fears, they're going on to YouTube
and they are seeing the stories and they have a fear of the vaccine, and those
are those communities who are at highest risk, the poorest communities, and
those are the communities that we're not reaching. So we've got to invest more
into public health messaging. We've got to do that.

 
 Lucy Powell[0:26:14] 
It is accessible. There is language
barriers. They can't book themselves in. They're waiting for calls still. I
know loads of older people who are waiting for a call. We need to put more into
the longer tail.

 
 Kavita Oberoi[0:26:32] 
I worked on meningitis uptake and we
were working with CCGs and people were going out, phone calls and door
knocking. You've got to do these other things.

 
Gillian Keegan[0:26:46] Black and Asian communities have
tripled the uptake since April. Those people who said they will get the jab
have gone up 25% in the Muslim communities. The messages are getting through.

 
Kavita Oberoi[0:27:00] 
Because they have seen what happened
in India.

 
Gillian Keegan[0:27:02] 
That's definitely true.

 
Fiona Bruce[0:27:06] 
Quickly.

 
Frank Luntz[0:27:08] 
I'm going to say everyone who is there
right now, I had a stroke a year-and-a-half ago because I behaved badly. I
caused it for myself.

 Fiona Bruce[0:27:16] 
Meaning you were living an unhealthy
lifestyle.

 Frank Luntz[0:27:20] 
A very unhealthy lifestyle. I'm so
focused on people getting vaccinated because they know it saves lives. They
know it works. It is 100% undeniable. So if anyone up there who has the chance,
your participants here or anyone watching, has the chance to be vaccinated,
please, don't make the mistake I made.AudienceMember 20210722QT24[0:01:00] You can't then ask the public to do something and then the Government who are hypocrites to do something completely different. Then the G7 that's another example, and Boris Johnson on another example too, and I stuck by Boris to start off with where lockdown has happened, and we needed to stick by the rules. But now, now, no. No. He has overstepped the mark so has the Government on more ways than one.
Fiona Bruce[0:01:28] Jon?
Jonathan Ashworth[0:01:32] I agree with you Dale. You are absolutely right.Jonathan Ashworth[0:01:34] I cannot see how it can be possibly justified that EUFA VIPs, sponsors, and so on can get round these quarantine rules and go and watch the final at Wembley. Fans should be able to watch the final at Wembley, and we should have and there will be no doubt a testing regime in place. I was lucky to watch Leicester City win at the Cup final. You had to mention that. Yes I was the Leicester MP. We had to be tested and we had to be tested before we went, and then we had to be tested after the event and we had to show our test results to get in.Fiona Bruce[0:02:10] Isn't the point the final might not happen here if the dignitaries are not allowed in?Jonathan Ashworth[0:02:16] We have to negotiate with EUFA on that, we cannot be held to ransom. We know this virus sadly remains extremely dangerous. Now, I'm fed up of these sodding restrictions! Am I allowed to say sodding? You are. I'm fed up of these restrictions. Sick of them. I'm also aware that since the first of May, we have had 260,000 confirmed cases of this virus. In the last week, 80, 000. In the coming weeks, because of the way it grows, we are going to see more of this virus grow amongst the unvaccinated. It spreads like wild fire amongst the unvaccinated, Matt Hancock's words.Jonathan Ashworth[0:02:54] Yes, for those who are vaccinated, the link between hospitalisations and deaths has been reduced but it's not been severed, and many of those people who get the virus today, tomorrow, next week even if they don't end up in hospital, although some of them will. Many of them will live with long-term serious conditions, debilitating conditions, whether it's fatigue, memory loss, anxiety, and depression. For some, it presents as hair loss, teeth loss. Some suffer psychosis, it remains a serious deadly virus, we should not be complacent! I believe this particular decision around the final at Wembley is complacent. We have got to change it.Fiona Bruce[0:03:42] Kate?
Kate Andrews[0:03:48] It's deeply hypocritical that you would have VIPs flying in not having to quarantine, we can legally still not host seven people or more than two families in our home. They are taking us for fools! We all watched Billy Gilmore hug his team-mates, he wasn't wrong to do so, when he tested positive for Covid the team should have isolated. If a child tests positive the class goes home from school. If an office worker tests positive the whole office goes home. And basically, we are in a system now where if you can cause the Government a big enough of a headache, mostly through lobbying, then you can have whatever you want. EUFA gets 60, 000 people at Wembley and VIPs in. It looks like Formula One will go ahead at full capacity.Kate Andrews[0:04:36] Andrew Lloyd Webber did a fantastic thing, he turned down the Government's offer to make his new musical a trial. He was making threats saying he could open at full capacity. They offered him a trial. He turned it down. He knows most of the theatre industry does not have his clout and power to get what they want. It is deeply hypocritical and unfair at the G7 as well that ministers behind the scenes, long lens cameras capturing them, Boris Johnson the leaders of the world, and standing up drinking, not Social Distancing, 
and there really seems to be one rule for people who are in Government, or have access to the Government, and another rule now for everybody else. If it is safe enough for Matt Hancock and Michael Gove to be sitting in VIP at Wembley watching the football, I hope they had a delightful time, it is safe enough for us to watch a few more friends over to watch the football in our home.Fiona Bruce[0:05:36] The Government is insisting rules were followed at the G7. The pictures were there.
AudienceMember 20210722QT08[0:05:42] Thank you, has hypocrisy, and about the closest thing I can say are Robert is I'm Welsh as well and that's about the level I can draw. On the news tonight, Welsh supporters have been turned away from Amsterdam airport, because they can't go and see the game in Amsterdam which is being played on Saturday night against Denmark, Denmark supporters can go. Welsh supporters can't go. Because Amsterdam decided that due to the variant in the UK they do not want Welsh supporters traveling there. It's hypocrisy that EUFA can come here from any country in the world yet we can't go as supporters to any other part of the world. Total hypocrisy.
Fiona Bruce[0:06:26] Aryan?
AudienceMember 20210722QT09[0:06:30] 250,000 children missed school last week because of Covid-related stuff. The vast majority of them have not got Covid. They had been in contact with somebody with Covid. Unfortunately they are not football players, they did have to isolate.AudienceMember 20210722QT09
[0:06:44] Funnily enough, Boris Johnson once upon a time said education was really important. Yet, after the G7, Cornwall a county with very, very few infections spiked-up especially around Carbis Bay, and Falmouth where the journalists were. What's the communication? I now really don't understand the rules even though I read them because it's one rule for them, and the rest of it for us! Are we really going to get rid of all the marvellous benefits we have had from our fantastic vaccine programme by squandering it?

Fiona Bruce
[0:07:24] Robert? You are not getting a lot of support so far this idea of letting in the EUFA dignitaries and sponsors, isn't it time for the Government to be upfront and say this is a trade off we wanted the finals here. We are trying to get in the joint bid for the World Cup in 2030 and support, so that's the trade off. Just be upfront with people?

Robert Buckland
[0:07:44] I'm absolutely getting loud and clear the message from the panel and others about the you know, how far we have all come together, and how at this late stage some things appear to be frankly, you know, a juxtaposition, a contradiction.

Fiona Bruce
[0:08:00] Hypocritical is the word. Do you think it's hypocritical in
Robert Buckland
[0:08:04] Look when I first heard about this I asked a lot of questions and you know, I was asking myself a lot of questions about what was going on here. I mean John Whittingdale the minister yesterday made an announcement with the circumstances in which these people would come which sounds to me akin to almost hotel quarantine in the sense they would only be allowed to stay in a designated place, travel in designated transport units, and stay away from other people akin to I suppose a work visit.

Fiona Bruce
[0:08:38] What's the rationale? The reason the Government is doing this risking the wroth of so many people?

Robert Buckland
[0:08:44] I think the rationale is putting it absolutely straight that we want to attract a major international football tournament to the UK. I think that they bring a lot of joy, and they bring a lot of revenue for our businesses and our industries across the country, and therefore it is right that we do try and play on that stage to use an unfortunate pun but I want to come back to the developing information that I'm getting about the circumstances, there are still negotiations going on with EUFA to how this would work.
Caroline Lucas[0:10:40] No matter what Robert says about the extra provisions you are still going to have more people close together and coming in from other countries while the Delta variant isn't circulating like it is in this country. Let's remember why it is circulating so much and that's because Boris Johnson was to inept and incompetent and irresponsible, he left three weeks before he put India on the red list and in that time we have the Delta variant circulating so much! And you know Boris Johnson says he is going to make, sensible accommodations with EUFA. What about making sensible accommodations people might argue with those people that haven't been able to see loved-ones for maybe near or two years now. What about sensible accommodations for people who desperately want to have more than 30 people at a wedding! This is just typical of a Government that runs the country in a divisive way that has double standards at its heart, it stinks.
Fiona Bruce[0:11:36] Does anyone in our audience, and depleted in numbers for the reasons we know. Anyone support the decision? Charlie let's hear from you.
AudienceMember 20210722QT11[0:11:44] Yes, I'm just actually, while this is going on I was googling figures. There are 10,000 deaths in the last week um... according to you know, the Government bodies of which 93 were Covid. Now know it's less than 1%, it's way, way down.AudienceMember 20210722QT11
[0:12:04] The vaccination programme has really done a fantastic job in reducing deaths. Yes, there are 20-30-year-olds who are getting the disease. Yes it's going to teenagers, and it will go round. It's not killing people to much any more, it's not doing that. We have a chance to liberate things. As Robert said, OK, sometimes we have to play one thing against another, do we want a Cup final, 60, 000 people to enjoy themselves?

Fiona Bruce
[0:12:40] Do we want --

AudienceMember 20210722QT12
[0:12:42] We have to play it.

Fiona Bruce
[0:12:42] Victor?

Victor Adebowale
[0:12:46] Well, I think um... I think Aryan got it right actually and the fact of the matter is we need clarity, we need communication, and caution. The fact, you know, if we have -- I am worried that we are going to create a super-spreader event. It's not so much that these people are going to come into London, it's also what, how that will be perceived by the people watching it. You know at the moment.

Fiona Bruce
[0:13:10] Do you mean dignitaries will come in without quarantine or the 60, 000 fans?

Victor Adebowale
[0:13:16] It's the whole thing and the dignitaries. The fact of the matter is I'm looking at, I saw the NHS Confederation represents Acute Trusts, mate trusts, to give you an idea last week one of my members declared a black alert. That means that they are over capacity. A lot of my members are at 95% bed occupancy, we have ten million people, additional people requiring mental health support, we have 5. 1 million people on elective surgery, we have exhausted staff.
Victor Adebowale[0:13:48] If you are going to ask me whether we should risk that for a football match, I like football kind of, my answer is no! It's not worth it. There's no wealth without health. So, my view is caution. Honestly, negotiations around this Covid doesn't negotiate. I think we know that. It does not negotiate. It doesn't care who you are, or how important the event is, it will spread. In London, just to be clear, there's a lot of work to do in London, we have got 37% of adults have had two doses and we are talking about bringing a load of people into a place where we have still got work to do to bring the vaccinations up to standard. Now, I understand the pressures, I really do. I can see it. It's a balance. It's not easy. I'm not here to slag off one party or the other. I can understand it. But the science, and the evidence says no, we shouldn't be doing it. I tell you the fact of the matter is when people watch this, they will think hang on a minute, if they are doing it, why shouldn't I do it? We have got to this position because people like you have obeyed the rules. So we should be really cautious, we should be really clear about what we are saying to people. We should be consistent. Otherwise, this virus will not go away.Fiona Bruce[0:15:06] Kate?Kate Andrews[0:15:10] Yes. We should be cautious, we should be smart. But we do need to acknowledge the science.Kate Andrews[0:15:16] The science says vaccines work, they are more effective than we ever dreamed they could be. Especially against the Delta variant, Charlie from the audience is completely right Covid patients are taking up roughly 1% of hospital beds right now, and the stats Victor pointed out we have very serious problems about waiting lists and that's another topic. But in terms of capacity, this isn't particularly abnormal for the NHS that's what you get with a rationing system that doesn't supply as many resources. The issue with this isn't that we are being too cautious, it's that we are picking and choosing who gets their liberty back. We are picking and choosing who gets to be free. If you enjoy the football and you happen to get a ticket and you happen to be somebody who is wealthy enough that's on a list defined as a VIP then you get to enjoy yourself. If you would like to go to the theatre or have friends around to your home for a birthday party, you still can't do that. That's the problem. We are projecting to the world with the G7 with the football that Britain is open that everything is back to normal, that it looks something like Israel does, thanks to their vaccine success as well. We could be like that! But we all know the reality at the moment is actually quite different.Kate Andrews[0:16:28] Freedom day was delayed, many of us are still not able to live the lives we would like to live. We are pretending to the world that we are back to normal with these mass events, it's one of the reasons that they are getting status, and they are allowed to go ahead. We know something different is happening and my concern is that the Government is becoming complacent. They are buying-into that projection, they are buying into the idea that's what Britain looks like, but we know on a day-to-day basis unfortunately for many people it doesn't.
Victor Adebowale[0:16:58] It's important like half of what you said there I absolutely agree with but I happen to face the people on the frontline doing the work. The fact of the matter is when I say 95% of occupancy is true, they are worried we might have 1500 people now with Covid in hospital but it is increasing. If I may, and it's increasing! On top of that they have to cope with the demand that's been delayed. So, you know I agree with you on the sight of this, it looks bad, it is challenging but we have to acknowledge the pressures are real in the NHS. They are not making this up. It's not a fantasy, they are real. And we have to be cautious.Caroline Lucas[0:19:12] We still need that basic ability to be able to ensure that someone can self-isolate if they have tested positive. Right now we know huge numbers of people aren't doing that, they can't afford to. So that has to be part of this overall Covid suppression strategy. We have got nearly two million people it was said today who are living with long Covid, that can have debilitating impacts, I have been part of the all-party group on coronavirus, we have taken evidence from people with long Covid. It's not just people being a bit short of breath it's people running marathons one month and in wheelchairs the next. It's deeply serious. Let u forget that we don't have all of the population vaccinated yet. A little bit more caution for a little bit longer along with Public Health measures put in place will get us to the place that all of us really want to be!
Fiona Bruce[0:20:06] OK. I'm going to move on. We have got other questions that a lot of you wanted to hear asked. Let's move on to the question from Gary.
AudienceMember 20210722QT13[0:20:16] Good evening all. Considering no variance of concerns were detected by on any flights returning from the 167 amber list countries, between March 20th and June 9th when will the Government acknowledge that travelers returning from green and amber countries pose little risk to the British public and allow vaccinated people to travel without restriction?Robert Buckland
[0:23:20] The idea is I think a very sensible one, if you have had a double jab, it does mean the requirement to quarantine I think can be relaxed. There are other issues of course, families, children, who haven't had the jab, and indeed, part of the plan will be to work out a system whereby children can be tested so they can travel with their parents and loved-ones.

Fiona Bruce
[0:23:42] What about people like Kate and others in our audience who wouldn't be double-jabbed?

Robert Buckland
[0:23:46] Exactly there will be of course, contingency made and provision made for people who can't be jabbed for various good medical reasons.

Fiona Bruce
[0:23:56] Or just if they are not old enough?

Robert Buckland
[0:23:58] Look, I think that um... the reality is and in fact Kate said in the answer to the previous question, the evidence grows all the time in favour of the break between people who have been double-jabbed, and the vulnerability to the virus. Clearly, as we get more and more of our population into that double jab position, then it does become I think much easier and freer for us to do the things we want to do.
Fiona Bruce[0:24:24] But someone like Kate we are in a situation tonight where someone like Kate and others in the audience and at home of course, who won't have their second jab by 19 July, or in the weeks after. At the moment won't be able to go to these countries without quarantine.
Robert Buckland[0:24:40] Let's keep on getting as many second jabs in arms as possible. I accept there might still be people who aren't eligible at that time. I want to take issue with Kate's point that we are trying to create a two-tier society. All we are trying to do is allow people to enjoy the pleasure of a holiday which for most of us, me included, has not been the case for well over a year. It seems sensible to me to follow the evidence about double jabbing, and to now extend it to amber countries.
Fiona Bruce[0:25:10] Sorry Kate, so sorry I need to bring other people in hang on a minute. Jo I can see you are shouting rubbish at your screen! Tell us what you are saying? Other than that obviously.
AudienceMember 20210722QT14[0:25:24] I am aghast at these plans, as for a two-tier system, you couldn't divide the country more than by implementing something like this!AudienceMember 20210722QT14[0:25:32] People who have the funds together able to pay for a quarantine hotel upon their return great, crack on. What about the rest of us that can't? Nine children in a class of 30 are living in poverty, and yet people who can afford to take their children abroad are going to do so. I'm aghast at how the Government thinks this is sensible, is measured, there's members of this panel that can't even work! Yet for people who have money, who are affluent, they are able to go on holiday. Some people here can't even pay their bills. I think the Government needs to take a very long, hard look at the people who they serve, and make some decisions and give some consistent messaging to people that are everyday people on the street. So that's how I feel and I am aghast. You have kids who don't have vaccinations traveling to and from, and the testing is not reliable enough to guarantee they will not be bringing a variant or any other thing into this country. So
Fiona Bruce[0:26:42] Jon do you support this new development by the Government?
Jonathan Ashworth[0:26:46] I would want to understand the clinical evidence upon which it has been made.Jonathan Ashworth[0:26:48] Robert says we have to follow the evidence. Let's see the evidence because there has been some alternative evidence today a study from Cambridge which suggests that a cohort of health workers who had been double-jabbed, an international study led by Cambridge, but double-jabbed health workers, caught the virus and transmitted the virus. So vaccination in and of itself does not make you bullet-proof. It's a tremendous success.
Fiona Bruce[0:27:22] Do you think more people shouldn't be going on holiday?
Jonathan Ashworth[0:27:24] I think we have to proceed with caution for now until we fully understand what is happening with this particular Delta variant. We shouldn't be here. It's because as Caroline said we have the red-listing it, but we are where we are, and Boris Johnson gave it the red carpet. There's been a mutation, there's been a mutation in the Delta variant where it has a particular new strain that's been identified in around 40 cases in the UK.
Fiona Bruce[0:27:50] To be clear, the Labour position is not that more people should be going on holiday the reverse?
Jonathan Ashworth[0:27:56] The Labour position is we should always follow the clinical evidence. I do not understand what the clinical evidence is for this decision. We know even with a double jab you are still at risk from this variant. I want to see what the clinical evidence is.Jonathan Ashworth
[0:28:10] Secondly the Government as far as we understand are not going to be vaccinating children. Vaccinating children in the United States and some other parts of the world are vaccinating children. So Robert says there's things to be worked out. If you are not vaccinating children why would they be able to go abroad with their families on this scenario. There's lots of questions here to get to the bottom of.

Fiona Bruce
[0:28:32] You asked a question Gary.

AudienceMember 20210722QT16
[0:28:34] Thank you the decision here is the big issue is about our travel industry, and a big march in London yesterday about this. It's almost become the forgotten industry, and the UK airlines, and our travel industry, it's not just holidays that we are talking about. It's people who need to go away on business again to see their families, and airlines are actually really in the last chance saloon now, our UK airlines, they have borrowed all the money they can now. Once they have borrowed that there's no more money in the pot. Nothing from the Government. You see, the Euro governments have given handouts to Air France, KLM, the Germans have done the same, and the U AE have done the same. They have all bailed-out their national airlines. We are leaving ours out to dry. Along with that, it's not just the airlines, it's the whole travel sector, everything that's linked to it, hundreds of millions of pounds worth of business being lost over the past 18 months, and we are almost at breaking point.
Fiona Bruce[0:29:38] Donna?
AudienceMember 20210722QT17[0:29:40] Thank you. I agree with some of the panel there when we were talking about the two-tier system. I feel very uncomfortable about people not being able to afford testing where there's one rule for the rich, whether you are a footballer or EUFA or a rich family bringing your kids to your holiday home because you are allowed to go or you are allowed to go to work in one of these countries. I really feel that far from the Conservatives Government levelling-up, they are creating a two-tier system completely and utterly. It's very much a case of the "haves" and the have-nots.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:22] Are you persuade by the idea the Government is suggesting if you have two jabs, at some point, we don't know yet, that you will be able to go on holiday to amber list countries and without quarantining?
AudienceMember 20210722QT18[0:30:34] As long as the data suggests it's safe. I know Israel today have decided they are going to vaccinate their over 12s you know, but having the vaccine, you know, stops the spread, but I'm not sure, does the vaccine stop you spreading, I don't think it does.
Caroline Lucas[0:30:50] It doesn't.
Fiona Bruce[0:30:50] It doesn't.
Jonathan Ashworth[0:30:52] Masks. And
Victor Adebowale[0:30:56] Look, you know, 3% of all infections end up in hospital. Right. I might sound like a low -- it might sound like a low number in percentage terms but it's a lot of people which is why we have 90% occupancy. I don't think it's an intended consequence but it is an unintended experience of the Government's decision.Victor Adebowale
[0:31:20] I have to say, if it's a red country you shouldn't be going right, amber? I don't get it. It's like, basically, it's either green or you shouldn't be going. I haven't booked a foreign holiday, and I won't be booking a foreign holiday. I understand the pressures on the travel industry. But as I say, there's no wealth without health. There just isn't. And we have to do what we can to support the travel industry, and the people who work in it. I'm here because I want to protect the NHS, and I want to ensure that it's here, and can work through the pandemic and what happens after it. I just think we should have an abundance of caution. I think it's too early, I know people want to get off. I know that. They want to get off to their holidays, and go to Bermuda, I get it. But we can't afford to take the chance either way! Jonathan is right, the Delta variant spreads really quickly. It spreads really quickly and there's some evidence that there may be some vaccine leakage but we have 40 cases of a Delta plus in this country. We know that we start with 40 then it's 400 then it's 4, 000. I just think we have worked so hard let's just take a break, let's just take a break. Let's not rush this! Let's not rush it. Let's have an abundance of caution.
Fiona Bruce[0:32:46] Caroline as far as the Green Party is concerned, and irrespective of the data you want people to fly less? This is good news?
Caroline Lucas[0:32:56] We wouldn't want it imposed in this way obviously. I just want to say when it comes to the travel industry, I have a lot of sympathy with what Gary I think was saying we need to be supporting the tourist industry, the travel industry, we need to be supporting them with extended furlough, we need to be making sure the business rates and all of those things are extended as well. It's quite extraordinary the Government extended the restrictions without extending the support to businesses that's not a reason to open up. You are right the Greens do not want people to be flying as much as they do and want to do it in a fair way.
Fiona Bruce[0:33:30] In terms of what some people have said, Jo and others and Donna saying, you know people, at the moment, people who can afford to go and pay for the tests and creating a two-tier system. Your manifesto talked about imposing a levy on anyone who took more than one flight a year, isn't that creating a two-tier system.Caroline Lucas[0:33:50] I would love to know what the panel think about that. I think a frequent flier levy is a fair way forward, and a cross-party group of people who came together and cross-party and no party, advocated this, what it means is people can still go away for one holiday by plane, every year, without paying any more. It's those people who are flying one, two, three times a month because they have got a second home. They are the ones who --Fiona Bruce[0:34:14] More than once a year?Caroline Lucas[0:34:16] And it ratchets up.Fiona Bruce[0:34:18] More than once a year?Caroline Lucas[0:34:20] For their summer holidays they have saved up for absolutely of course in an ideal world we are not in Covid that should be able to happen. What we are saying those people that are flying regularly, the more they fly the more that tax goes up. I wanted to come back to the point here as well about the dangers of this virus, because I think Victor is absolutely right, the Government should not be sending out messages that it's fine to be doing overseas travel again yet. Because it does put at risk all of the sacrifices that we have made, we need to be protecting our vaccinated population, and we need to be making more people vaccinated, and so the idea that children can go away, unvaccinated and bring back the virus and spread it further, and we have houred a quarter of million children were off school.AudienceMember 20210722QT22
[0:36:32] You know, I'm sick of hearing basically, in Parliament, you know a load of ministers and cabinet ministers laughing about women. Not just women but this is a serious issue! You know. It should be addressed. And yes I did take offence Fiona, I think it's absolutely disgusting.

Fiona Bruce
[0:36:52] Robert, do you cringe at that the Justice Secretary, or a good thing to say?

Robert Buckland
[0:36:56] First of all as somebody who prosecuted regularly with serious crimes, and dealt with abuse cases it's never been a laughing matter. Last week I apologised publicly for the low rate of convictions for rape cases in England and Wales. I can tell you.

Fiona Bruce
[0:37:18] So 1.4% of rape cases resulted in a conviction last year?

Robert Buckland
[0:37:22] We saw a rise at the beginning of the decade and a steep decline since then. That is of deep concern to me and everybody involved in the system. The system has failed because of multiplicity of reasons, including for example, the appalling position where a young woman who has made a complaint of rape is told look we need your phone, we want your mobile phone, we will take your phone from you maybe for months. We are not going to give it back to you. That makes, gives that person an unenviable choice, do they give their phone over with their life on it or pursue the complaint. Too many people are put in that position. Therefore cases are not followed through. I want to change all that. Can I say so does the Prime Minister. I take on board what the questioner has just asked.
Fiona Bruce[0:38:10] What did you think of the they jabber we jab?
Robert Buckland[0:38:12] I think at the end of Prime Minister's questions, both the Prime Minister and the leader of the opposition like to make a general comment about each other, and each other's party. I do not believe in the Prime Minister's mind that that was linked to the genuine remarks he made, the apology he too made about rape, can I say this Fiona, when he first became Prime Minister and I first became Lord Chancellor, one of the first conversations he had with me was about rape. I said to him one of the big things we can do is increase support for women and victims by scaling-up the number of independent sexual violence advisers, we are doing that now, we are spending this year alone 27 million I want to increase the numbers by hundreds, because the evidence shows that with support, more women and men as well, can carry through their complaints through to proper investigation and prosecution. That is what I want to see happen. That's what I'm going to work towards over the next few years. Victor?
Victor Adebowale[0:39:06] You know what, I do think that the Prime Minister does this illiteration, it was in his scripted. It caused offence. Because it caused offence to women and we are talking about rape, he should apologise, he should apologise because it caused offence.Victor Adebowale[0:39:30] I think the situation is shocking. It's truly shocking as a father of girls, I just think it's unacceptable. What I do think, and I just thought it was a good thing that you actually showed some contrition and it's rare these days, you know some shame, and some responsibility. But let's be clear, there are a number of problems in the system. You have mentioned a couple of them. Resources are a couple of them. There's a relation between the resources we put in the system and the efficacy. When you cut the budget by 50% you are talking half the water out of the bucket and expecting them to put out a bigger fire, it's not going to work. We do need to look at the resources. There's a bigger issue here. I recall a question time a few weeks ago I was on we were talking about women's safety in public. I said then, we need to educate men. We need to create a strategy for public spaces that are safe for women. We need to ensure that women feel safe in public, and in private.Victor Adebowale[0:40:32] I think that you know, unless we can take the safety of girls and women seriously, as strategically seriously, this will continue. So, we need the police to have the resources to investigate. We need the Criminal Justice system to have the resources to prosecute. We need the public prosecution officers to have enough resources. More, the thing that really upsets me, is the cases of women that have not been taken seriously, and haven't had the support. It's not -- it is outrageous frankly, that, you have been in Government for a while now, and I'm a crossbencher, I would say it to any political party, it is simply unacceptable that you have women who have been faced with the most shocking appalling crime, and yet they report their mental health, their emal support, their safety is not taken seriously by any section of public services. You have to get that right. You have to get it right for women that are raped. You have to get it right for girls who fear rape. You have to get it right for both who feel unsafe in public and private.Victor Adebowale[0:41:46] We need to put some money into women's refuges, we need to ensure that women everywhere can pick up a phone and get the support they need. I'm involved in services to women's refuges. It's just not good enough. So, yes, we take the apology, let's have the resources, let's have the plan, let's have women in charge of that plan, so they feel safe. So we don't have this conversation again.
Fiona Bruce[0:42:12] Hannah?
AudienceMember 20210722QT23[0:42:16] Thank you. The Government has announced a new crime bill and included tougher sentencing for rape, convictions, but it's pointless if the convictions are so low. It's a deterrent but there's no deterrent there if it's a 2, 3, 4% of cases, it doesn't matter, it doesn't work. More needs to be done about prevention rather than cure.
Victor Adebowale[0:42:42] Absolutely.
Fiona Bruce[0:42:44] Kristina?
AudienceMember 20210722QT24[0:42:46] I think one of the things that we are missing completely is how long it takes for a rape case for actually come to court.AudienceMember 20210722QT25[0:42:54] If somebody has been raped, the last thing she wants to do is to have to not only go through all the terrible trauma of having to tell other people about it, have a phone conversation, have her entire private life investigated for anything at all that the defence can use to say, well, you know, she's encouraged this, it's her fault in some way or other. But if, I mean, I'm sure if I was in the position where I knew that I was going to -- it was going to be made public, and it will be, and this person was going to be walking around waiting for a court case to come up maybe a year, two years later, do I really want my mental health to suffer for that length of time, that hanging over me? I think there must be so many women who don't even report it because they cannot face what they will have to go through, that's the problem.
Fiona Bruce[0:43:56] Over half of rape victims withdrew from the investigations last year, I mean, they did report it then they pulled out of it. Of course we don't know how many don't report it.
AudienceMember 20210722QT26[0:44:06] I hear all the panel about the women, what about men? What about gay men? I'm a gay man, we all get raped. It's not just about women.Fiona Bruce[0:45:44] I hear what you say but I'm not sure you are right the only difference is they don't report it. There's no doubt domestic violence happens to men, and rape, but it happens a lot more to women that's the case. That's not to says that your concern is not legit. Robert?
Robert Buckland[0:46:02] Rape can only be as a matter of law permitted by men but the stigma for men in coming forward, and talking about it is huge! So we get what you are saying absolutely. And listening to you loud and clear, it is part of the strategy as well. We want more men to come forward and feel confident they are going to be supported through a very difficult and traumatic experience.
Fiona Bruce[0:46:20] Caroline?
Caroline Lucas[0:46:28] Well. I think that Robert's apology was very welcome and alongside an apology there has to be accountability and as we have been hearing rape has been decriminalised that's what it feels like I think to so many men and women right now who are trying to report rapes. And I really worry that on the one hand you have got the absolutely starving of resources that have gone into the court case and the CPS and the police, and you know police have lost around 20, 000 officers, so it's not surprising that there's less -- fewer police there to follow those cases up. But it's also the case as Kristina pointed out that you know, the current system puts the survivors on trial. They themselves on trial when they report a rape.Caroline Lucas[0:47:12] We need to stop this digital strip search. We need to have a ban I think on s history evidence! I don't think that's relevant. It shouldn't be bringing up in court. We need to have things like special advocates who can accompany rape survivors through the system because it's really difficult, and complex, and stressful and so forth. We need to have I think proper review of the cross-examination rules. We might even need to look at potentially alternatives to the jury, and at least an education of the jury. There are so many cultural rape things in people's minds that some people feel they are not getting a fair deal from jury trials. We need a sustainable funding model and Victor is right to talk about the shameful cuts to Rape Crisis centres, absolutely they need to be properly-funded. I think as well we need to be prepared to reopen historic cases. I know that's a big ask. We should be doing that. That is what justice demands. There's a huge amount that needs to be done. I'm afraid this review is basically re-warming some old pilots that have been already studied, and we don't really need more pilots.Caroline Lucas[0:48:20] What we need is more action, more funding, when Robert first talked about the failings of the system, he didn't even mention the cuts to funding. That has to be in there. But we also need to have some more ambition and urgency. This review has been two years in the action. We need action now. Not waiting another two years so we have more rules so people don't have to hand over their phones for months and years on end. It should happen now!
Jonathan Ashworth[0:48:48] I agree with Colette, and Hannah, and others who have made and contributed. I mean, I did think Boris Johnson's remarks yesterday were offensive and lacking in judgment. You are right Victor, he would have had it in his script. He would have, before he went into the chamber, he would have been throwing around lines with his advisers, and said that's a great line Prime Minister, and definitely use that in the Commons, he would have been determined to get it out regardless of what question he was asked. I think he should have paused and thought carefully before using that line. It did rather demean him. You can't imagine a Margaret Thatcher or a Tony Blair using a line like that in the House of Commons to be frank about an issue of this sensitivity.Jonathan Ashworth[0:49:36] I think we have got to be aware that the Criminal Justice system has suffered swinging cuts over ten or 11 years, that's surely had an impact on these conviction rates and prosecution rates. I was looking at the data from the Home Office and the CPS, and the justice department Robert, I mean it is shocking! It is absolutely shocking. I mean like, over 5 2,000 rapes recorded by the police, and only 843 results in a charge or sumons, and 2102 positions and 1439 convictions, massive drops on previous years. So, the cuts have surely had an impact. I'm sure people appreciate the apology that you have made, but the test of that apology and whether that apology carries weight is what are you going to do to turn around this absolutely awful record? This record is on your watch Robert. I have not heard what you are going to do to sort this out?

Robert Buckland[0:50:36] Read the review.

Jonathan Ashworth[0:50:36] Tell us now.

Fiona Bruce[0:50:40] He has told us some of it. I need to get Kate in.

Kate Andrews[0:50:44] Look I think the Prime Minister's comments were clumsy but I think it would be a bad assessment to assume he was trying to make a direct link to the conversation that had been happening previouslyKate Andrews
[0:50:56] I have to push-back on some of Caroline's comments there. It's hyper bolly to say rape has been decriminalised and it remains one of the most heinous crimes, and I would push-back on the idea of educating the jury. I think that Robert's apology shows the extent to which this isn't a political issue, it's not one in which we use to score points against one another, and attack the other side of the party. I think that every single politician on this panel representing their parties takes rape and sexual assault and domestic violence very, very seriously. There seems to be very broad agreement that more resources need to be committed to help women through this process and the men who are going through this process as well. Also to help actually gather the evidence help the police with their resources, so there hopefully there be more convictions in the future and not by changing the law, changing the system and suggesting it's been decriminalised but by making sure we get the resources to get things over the line. We need to work together on this. I don't think it's one for political point-scoring.
Victor Adebowale[0:53:06] I think we have slipped into the notion that food banks are part of the landscape now, I don't think that's a good idea. There's lots of evidence that the nutritional value of food banks isn't the same. It's a small step in the right direction. It's almost a Public Health emergency in many cases.
AudienceMember 20210722QT30[0:53:28] I think as well for many people, even though, taking away adverts for junk food before 9 many people don't have the option of buying more expensive food. Every little helps, and individuals have responsibility for the food they eat, and the choice they make, but I think it's important to consider the fact that for many people, more expensive healthier food might not be a direct option for them.
Victor Adebowale
[0:53:52] Can I just on that point.

Fiona Bruce
[0:53:54] Quickly three or four minutes left!

Victor Adebowale
[0:53:56] To point out that in many of the poor areas that is where you will see the chicken and poor food shops. It is will planning, and what we allow to happen in certain areas just saying.

Fiona Bruce
[0:54:04] Caroline?

Caroline Lucas
[0:54:06] Well I think it is a small step forward, and it's long overdue. I think it needs to apply to all platforms, and I'm deeply concerned about what is being pushed on places like TikTok and other places as well.

Fiona Bruce
[0:54:22] What about the fact you won't be able to advertise you know, a burger from a well-known burger merchant after 9 but you could advertise a ready-meal that has more fat?

Caroline Lucas
[0:54:36] There are anomalies, but I'm glad the Government is beginning to look at it. It needs to be in the context of the overall food strategy, people are right to talk about the fact that in many cases junk food can be cheaper, and fills you up quicker.
Caroline Lucas
[0:54:50] There's a real issue around social justice and poverty, that needs to be part of the food strategy as well. I think we need to be um... moving to healthier food, but enabling people to afford that diet, and that means changing access to food, and an overall food strategy.

Jonathan Ashworth
[0:55:04] I agree with it. It's something I have long been campaigning for, we face an obesity crisis in the country. Obesity causes cancer, it causes all kinds of very serious debilitating chronic health conditions, it costs the NHS and society billions as well. Although this isn't the only answer to solving the obesity crisis, we should be taking advantage of every potential tool in our locker. We ban other types of advertising, the state intervenes around advertising for things like cigarettes and so on. I think it's entirely sensible.
Robert Buckland
[0:56:44] It comes with restrictions on drinks and food with sugary content. I agree with the panel there's always more that needs to be done with regard to nudging and encouraging people particularly children

Fiona Bruce
[0:56:54] You think this will work?

Robert Buckland
[0:56:56] I think it's a good start. I think remember the audience here, we are talking about children and young people and focusing on them and making sure that they are guided in the direction of healthy eating.
Robert Buckland
[0:09:18] I think the message has to go out loud and clear that this isn't some sort of jolly. It should be very much a focused event. Come on Robert. It shouldn't be a jolly. Going to a footy match. Look I get the point, I get the point and anything sounding like watching a football match sounds like a jolly

Caroline Lucas
[0:09:38] Yes. Robert.

Robert Buckland
[0:09:42] If it is curtailed it is doable. I accept these are very difficult moments for all of us. I don't pretend this is easy, and there will be other occasions people will say hold on, why does it seem so contradictory, that's where we are at towards the end stages of this common endeavour, and I accept that there will be difficulties like this.

Caroline Lucas
[0:10:00] I don't think Robert really believes what he is saying! It doesn't stack up frankly this stinks as Dale said, it stinks. It is deep hypocrisy. You know, it's Barnard Castle all over again. That means it's dangerous too. At that point people lost confidence in what they were being asked to do, everyone has made such huge sacrifices and they have seen that thrown back in their faces back then with Cummings going to the castle and then the Government putting out the red carpet. It's dangerous because it undermines confidence in the measures.
Kate Andrews[0:22:06] If we are going to start talking about a two-tiered society where people who have been vaccinated have certain liberties returned, and people who haven't don't, that can't just happen through an update, through the travel secretary, through the Transport Secretary, it can't happen through an update at a press conference. It's got to happen in Parliament. There has to be a proper debate and scrutiny over the idea of a two-tier system. I would also just flag that if you do bring it in, especially in the near future, the people who are going to be left out of that are younger people who have stayed home for months over the past 18 months.
Fiona Bruce[0:22:46] Let's put this to the Government OK. I know they said today that people who have had two jabs, unlike Kate, at some point perhaps you will tell us when, will be told that they can go to amber list countries. What about everybody else? When will we know and what about everybody else?
Robert Buckland[0:23:04] The announcement has come just this evening, the plan will be to announce the details before the 19th of July, so that people can plan ahead, and indeed those organisations responsible for you know, airports etc can also start to plan ahead.Caroline Lucas
[0:35:10] It's too soon to be doing this. We need to make sure we have things in place like electronic passes so that it's much quicker to get through the airports. We are still having queues, and mixing at airport it's only just recently they have managed to get one terminal where people come back from red lists until people were still mixing and it's too dangerous to be giving the signals this Government is doing.

Fiona Bruce
[0:35:32] Another question from Colette.

AudienceMember 20210722QT21
[0:35:36] Thank you good evening panel. Do the Government take rape and domestic violence seriously considering the shocking exchange in Parliament, and questions about a fall in prosecution as jabber?

Fiona Bruce
[0:35:46] What you are referring to is Prime Minister's questions yesterday where the leader of the opposition Keir Starmer was asking persistently about the drop in rape convictions, it's at a 40 year low, and he is asking a lot of questions about the Government's policies, and Boris Johnson replied, one of his replies was we are getting on with the job, they, Labour, jabber, we jab. Now, that sounds like you took offence at that?

AudienceMember 20210722QT22
[0:36:16] Yes because, it wasn't about vaccinations. It was a quite serious question, and up until then, you know the Prime Minister had a really good kind of you know, what he said made sense. At that point, I was like hold on a second, again, we are being mocked in Parliament.
AudienceMember 20210722QT27[0:44:14] So, this is really winding me right up. I'm really sorry. I'm very, really angry. It is not just about women! It's about men too. Men get raped. Men get sexually assaulted. So in this bill, don't just concentrate about women because men get raped too! And so do gay men as well. That's rife. This is what has been brushed under the carpet and it's wrong on so many levels so now the Government don't just concentrate on women getting raped, men get raped as well. And gay men get raped as well, and I have heard about it. My friends have had it. So, just look at the bigger picture, not just women! And, yes, sorry! That just got my goat.
Fiona Bruce[0:45:08] No, Dale you make a good point we hear you. It's true to say many more women get raped than me that is also true, not to deny the male experience, gay or straight.
AudienceMember 20210722QT28[0:45:20] Sorry women rape men. It's not just men that rape women. Domestic violence against men with women is high compared and obviously, men against women is high, but, domestic violence against man with a woman and the only difference is a man doesn't report it as much as a woman does.

Kate Andrews[0:17:44] They are very real pressures. They have been there since long before the pandemic.

Victor Adebowale[0:17:48] The pandemic has made them worse, and that's what I thought we might agree on.

Kate Andrews[0:17:54] And if we are to follow the data, and not the dates, the SAGE scenario for where we would be at hospitalisations right now is significantly higher than where we actually are. I don't want us to talk-down the huge success of the vaccines, and we immediate to follow the idea of the NHS being overwhelmed is deeply frightening but there's really good reason at the moment looking at the data as it is, we know things could change, to think that the link between infection and hospitalisation is not just watered-down. There is quite a good break. We all keep an open mind on these things and the Prime Minister and his freedom delay wanted to buy himself more time to look at the data. It's looking really positive and I think we should be quite cheerful about that.

Victor Adebowale[0:18:38] The data is softening the link but it's not broken that's the point I was trying to make, and that's about the caution.

Caroline Lucas[0:18:44] I think there's a real concern about

Victor Adebowale[0:18:44] Just saying

Caroline Lucas[0:18:48] And vaccination alone is not the way out of this. Of course it's been amazing and all credit to everyone. But on its own it's not going to get us to safety. Interestingly Kate mentioned Israel, and it's seeing cases going back up again. The point is we need to put in place something that this Government has failed to do from the start which is the basic public health provisions around test, trace, and supported isolation so that we are not only relying on the vaccination.Fiona Bruce[0:20:42] Now the list has been increased today of countries on the green list, in terms of very popular holiday destinations for British tourists, France, Italy, Germany, Greece, they are still on the amber list.
Kate Andrews[0:20:56] Look, I think it's a bit rich for this Government to be talking about continuing to curb our ability to travel in and out of the countries so greatly when its own ministers were traveling during the first lockdown. You had Foreign Minister Wendy Morton in Greece in April taking a lovely tour in Athens to talk about climate change. You had Greg Hands in March in Croatia, he did a tour in Slovenia I think as well. He flew back to the England where two people were just about to be allowed to sit on a park bench together. Ministers and special advisers haven't had to quarantine in this process and haven't had to do testing if they don't want to. This feeds into the idea of one rule for some and a different rule for others. But, I almost have to take issue with the premise of the question because as somebody who has had their first jab and very excited to get their second I think we still have a few issues here. We are always going to be living with the hypothetical of a new variant, and again we should be on top of this, and we should be concerned if there really is evidence it can undermine the vaccines.Fiona Bruce[0:52:02] Time just to fit in one last question. In terms of decriminalisation of rape, those were the words Caroline you were quoting of the Victims' Commissioner of England and Wales.
Caroline Lucas[0:52:16] It means to say there's so little follow-up in the Criminal Justice system.
Fiona Bruce[0:52:24] I want to get this in.
AudienceMember 20210722QT29[0:52:26] Good evening Fiona. Panel. Will banning junk food ads before 9pm really stop us eating what we want?
Fiona Bruce[0:52:34] Victor?
Victor Adebowale[0:52:38] Well there's evidence that actually it will! So, I think we do need to do a lot more than just ban junk food ads after 9. There's also something about the responsibility supermarkets, I sit on the board of the Co-op group, I should tell you that, there's more we could do to educate people about good diets, and to educate children about how to cook. There's more we could do about food poverty.Fiona Bruce[0:55:44] Kate we have a minute left -- a quick answer.Kate Andrews[0:55:50] This is the nanny state gone mad. I agree with teaching people how to cook. But there's no way this is going to stop people from eating how to eat. The whole scotch egg last year was an example of what not to do. The fact this rule means they have to have exemptions for avocado and olive oil shows it's a poor decision. The Government should not be picking and choosing individual products when it comes to food, and the nanny state has gone way too far, we have had too many restrictions on hour lives, time to step back.Fiona Bruce[0:56:30] So your own impact assessment says the restrictions will lead to children eating the equivalent of a single skittle less every day? With restricting advertising.Fiona Bruce[0:00:00] Our first question tonight is from Dale Jackson.
AudienceMember 20210722QT22[0:00:04] Hi there Fiona. Thank you. Yes my question is do you think it's double standards and hypocrisy allowing footballers, VIPs, in the UK without quarantining whilst lockdown is still in place? Which I kind of think is wrong.
Fiona Bruce[0:00:22] So you obviously, you do think it's hypocritical, so this is about 2500 EUFA dignitaries and sponsors are going to be allowed to come to the Euros final without having to quarantine wherever they come from? Yes. You think it is hypocritical?
AudienceMember 20210722QT23[0:00:36] Well it is. Because, the Government are asking us to stick by the rules, quarantine and do our Social Distancing and everything else and doing our tests. Yet they are still allowing people coming in from the UK into the UK, sorry, that are not having to quarantine. And that's wrong! On so many levels.