broduding: The fact that Bernie can't easily answer whether he is a capitalist is why I would probably never vote for him. It shouldn't be a difficult question. Every American should be a capitalist.
timetravlrfromthepst: Why?
broduding: Because our country was built on capitalism.registered2LOLatU: Because we aren't retarded?
Ridonkulousley: Family store capitalism and Wall Street capitalism are two different ideals.
Complicated topics have complicated answers
broduding: Yes. But he didn't give a nuanced answer. Cooper asked quite simply if he was a capitalist. Then Bernie wedged in there casino capitalism. That speaks to how he views capitalism as a whole. There was no nuance to his response to a very easy question.
Hyatt97: That's just ignorant. Every American should be able to have their own opinion.
broduding: Our country is built on capitalism. He's free to think whatever. But I can't vote for someone who doesn't understand this fundamental part of our country.
Hyatt97: Our country was built on slavery too. Without progress we don't improve as a country or as a people. To ignorantly spout "tradition" is one of the worst policies we could have as a people
broduding: Um this country was not buit on slavery. Certain agricultural areas thrived on it. But to say it was a fundamental part of our whole economy is absurd. Capitalism is not a silly tradition. It's a core part of our country. Moving wealth from the state to private individuals and allowing anyone to start a for profit business is a massive part of what makes America great.
burchalade: Why should every American be a capitalist as it is now? Couldn't it be better?
broduding: Yes it could be better. But he didn't say that. He could've just said yes I'm a capitalist but it needs major improvement. Its a fundamental belief.
tpdi: You have to have money to be a capitalist.
broduding: Nope. You just want to have it. My immigrant Mexican family have always been capitalists.
tpdi: Well your using a non standard definition of capitalism. It literally means an economic system run by those with capital.
broduding: Not exactly. Here's the definition: an economic and political system in which a country's trade and industry are controlled by private owners for profit, rather than by the state How can anyone not easily answer that question?
AgentMullWork: Good for them. Is that on your family seal or something? Why is it such a defining characteristic that you cling to it? You can not be a capitalist and still believe in free markets similar to what already exists, except in key areas that are important to the people, and incidentally important to "national security".
broduding: Thanks for the insults. It speaks to your own insecurities. I'm proud of what all my relatives have achieved. Unlike the Occupy crowd that Bernie panders to, I feel no shame about my or anyone else's success. You're damn right I cling to capitalism. And you should to. It's what makes this country great. It's pulled hundreds of millions of people out poverty around the world. Again this should be a very easy question for any presidential candidate to answer.
whitecompass: Um, what?
broduding: My post was pretty clear.
zotquix: It is a question where the common usage answer probably varies from person to person. That said, I think there were more effective ways to answer that. For that matter, the greater error is Bernie calling himself a socialist. He isn't. I'm not saying it will hurt his campaign, I'm just saying it is factually untrue and there is far less latitude in the common usage definition of the word.
