
 stagshore:
 Haha holy crap - "scientific DNA evidence that an unborn child is
 actually a human."

 All scientists just died a little inside. Do they even know what DNA stands
 for? This is pathetic.

 antiqua_lumina: iz proof

 PraisedBeHelix: I can't watch the stream right now... Who said that?
 That's... I have no words. You're correct, as a scientist I just died a
 little.

 stagshore: Mike Huckabee

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqafQVNkyN4
 Skynews has a live stream that you can go back on and watch

 PraisedBeHelix: Thanks for the link and the tip. This is just bonkers

 daddytorgo: Mike Huckabee don't need your fancy book learnin. God speaks
 directly to him.

 Horseketchup: Quick cut to confused Troy McClure

 Nixplosion: Well ... Human DNA does suggest that human babies are human ...
 Cant explain that

 stagshore: Yup on par there, 100%, why they used that as facts for pro-life
 is just sad.

 irobeth: nonono, the "DNA Schedule"

 tthorwoaways: Pfft, then where do the Lizard People come from?

 stagshore: You see when a man loves a womizard...

 tthorwoaways: He might also love the hobbit interning for him...

 kaptainlange: So I guess semen is a human as well?

 stagshore: Nope only half human! Unless you want to consider every 2 sperm
 = 1 human then oh you're screwed if you had any "alone" time.

 grungebot5000Popcorn:They only have haploid cells, not diploid like me and
 Bart!

 azflatlander: don"t need answers

 CrimsonEnigma: I mean, I disagree with it, but I could kind of see the
 argument (that is, once you get a complete set of 46 chromosomes, you're a
 human, which, naturally, happens at conception). Again, I disagree with it
 immensely, but I could at least tell what he was saying...

 stagshore: See I would agree that this was actually an argument if he knew
 that, but it's clear he didn't. How do I know?

 He said something along the lines of (indirect-direct quote) "recently
 scientists have discovered that unborn children are human".

 Keyword: recently... ya no. Scientists have known this for a very long time
 now.

 annoyingstranger: Dinosaur Nuclear Atoms, obviously.

 grungebot5000Popcorn: Actually, I'm always curious as to why the pro-life
 crowd doesn't pull out "a fetus has 46 unique chromosomes and therefore
 is its own person" more often Seems like a reasonable, scientific way to
 back up their central argument

 yankeesfan13: I don't think Huckabee knows what chromosomes are.

 shoe788: Cancer can also have unique chromosomes.

 grungebot5000Popcorn: not 46 of em, patterned all human-wise

 apul_madeekaud: Because the hair on the floor of the barbershop has 46
 chromosomes. It doesn't make it any more of a person.

 grungebot5000Popcorn: The keyword is "unique." Those 46 are
 identical to the person it came from. Not the case with mother/fetus

 apul_madeekaud: What about identical twins?

 grungebot5000Popcorn: you don't give birth to your own twin

 apul_madeekaud: Thanks for clearing that up

 grungebot5000Popcorn: I do it for free

 look 1 point: Yep. That one blew my mind. His concept of science is so
 fucked up that we need scientists to study it.

 redditallreddy: Uh… the day after conception (actually, before, but I'm
 being overly cautious), the fertilized egg has its own complete genetic code
 that is different from both the mother's and father's. We now do blood
 testing at about 14 weeks for genetic abnormalities by sampling the mother's
 blood and removing the waste DNA from the fetus.

 The statement you posted is literally true.

 "Human" does not necessarily mean "living person" under
 the law, but a well-developed fetus is "human," scientifically, by
 its genetics.

 stagshore: Yup exactly, I'm 100% agreeing with you. He insisted it was a
 "recent" discovery, we have known for a long time the genetics of a
 human.

 The point he was making was that this evidence made it a "living
 person", which is why its hilariously bad evidence.

 ILoveDraugr: Understanding what DNA stands for wont help.

 TheAylius: A guy at the border told me the DNA says they're human, and that
 means ISIS. Did I do?