HOLT : Well , I 'll let her answer that . But let me just admonish the audience one more time . There was an agreement . We did ask you to be silent , so it would be helpful for us . Secretary Clinton ? 
CLINTON : Well , I think you 've seen another example of bait-and- switch here . For 40 years , everyone running for president has released their tax returns . You can go and see nearly , I think , 39 , 40 years of our tax returns , but everyone has done it . We know the IRS has made clear there is no prohibition on releasing it when you 're under audit.So you 've got to ask yourself , why wo n't he release his tax returns ? And I think there may be a couple of reasons . First , maybe he 's not as rich as he says he is . Second , maybe he 's not as charitable as he claims to be.Third , we do n't know all of his business dealings , but we have been told through investigative reporting that he owes about $ 650 million to Wall Street and foreign banks . Or maybe he does n't want the American people , all of you watching tonight , to know that he 's paid nothing in federal taxes , because the only years that anybody 's ever seen were a couple of years when he had to turn them over to state authorities when he was trying to get a casino license , and they showed he did n't pay any federal income tax.
TRUMP : That makes me smart.
CLINTON : So if he 's paid zero , that means zero for troops , zero for vets , zero for schools or health . And I think probably he 's not all that enthusiastic about having the rest of our country see what the real reasons are , because it must be something really important , even terrible , that he 's trying to hide.And the financial disclosure statements , they do n't give you the tax rate . They do n't give you all the details that tax returns would . And it just seems to me that this is something that the American people deserve to see . And I have no reason to believe that he 's ever going to release his tax returns , because there 's something he 's hiding.And we 'll guess . We 'll keep guessing at what it might be that he 's hiding . But I think the question is , were he ever to get near the White House , what would be those conflicts ? Who does he owe money to ? Well , he owes you the answers to that , and he should provide them.
HOLT : He also—he also raised the issue of your e-mails . Do you want to respond to that ? 
CLINTON : I do . You know , I made a mistake using a private e- mail.
TRUMP : That 's for sure.
CLINTON : And if I had to do it over again , I would , obviously , do it differently . But I 'm not going to make any excuses . It was a mistake , and I take responsibility for that.
HOLT : Mr. Trump ? 
TRUMP : That was more than a mistake . That was done purposely . OK ? That was not a mistake . That was done purposely . When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment , taking the Fifth so they 're not prosecuted , when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth , I think it 's disgraceful . And believe me , this country thinks it's—really thinks it 's disgraceful , also.As far as my tax returns , you do n't learn that much from tax returns . That I can tell you . You learn a lot from financial disclosure . And you should go down and take a look at that.The other thing , I 'm extremely underleveraged . The report that said $ 650—which , by the way , a lot of friends of mine that know my business say , boy , that 's really not a lot of money . It 's not a lot of money relative to what I had.The buildings that were in question , they said in the same report , which was—actually , it was n't even a bad story , to be honest with you , but the buildings are worth $ 3.9 billion . And the $ 650 is n't even on that . But it 's not $ 650 . It 's much less than that.But I could give you a list of banks , I would—if that would help you , I would give you a list of banks . These are very fine institutions , very fine banks . I could do that very quickly.I am very underleveraged . I have a great company . I have a tremendous income . And the reason I say that is not in a braggadocios way . It 's because it 's about time that this country had somebody running it that has an idea about money.When we have $ 20 trillion in debt , and our country 's a mess , you know , it 's one thing to have $ 20 trillion in debt and our roads are good and our bridges are good and everything 's in great shape , our airports . Our airports are like from a third world country.You land at LaGuardia , you land at Kennedy , you land at LAX , you land at Newark , and you come in from Dubai and Qatar and you see these incredible—you come in from China , you see these incredible airports , and you land—we 've become a third world country.So the worst of all things has happened . We owe $ 20 trillion , and we 're a mess . We have n't even started . And we 've spent $ 6 trillion in the Middle East , according to a report that I just saw . Whether it 's 6 or 5 , but it looks like it 's 6 , $ 6 trillion in the Middle East , we could have rebuilt our country twice.And it 's really a shame . And it 's politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem . Our country has tremendous problems . We 're a debtor nation . We 're a serious debtor nation . And we have a country that needs new roads , new tunnels , new bridges , new airports , new schools , new hospitals . And we don't have the money , because it 's been squandered on so many of your ideas.
HOLT : We 'll let you respond and we 'll move on to the next segment.
CLINTON : And maybe because you have n't paid any federal income tax for a lot of years . [ applause ] And the other thing I think is important ... TRUMP : It would be squandered , too , believe me.
CLINTON : ... is if your—if your main claim to be president of the United States is your business , then I think we should talk about that . You know , your campaign manager said that you built a lot of businesses on the backs of little guys.And , indeed , I have met a lot of the people who were stiffed by you and your businesses , Donald . I 've met dishwashers , painters , architects , glass installers , marble installers , drapery installers , like my dad was , who you refused to pay when they finished the work that you asked them to do.