BAIER : Many questions to come . [ applause ] Governor Huckabee , on Facebook , John Pietricone asked this , `` Will you abolish or take away the powers and cut the size of the EPA , the IRS , the Department of Education ? '' Now , broadly ... [ applause ] ... broadly , the size of government is a big concern for Facebook users , Facebook persons , as well as , obviously , conservatives . But year after year , decade after decade , there are promises from Republicans to shrink government . But year after year , decade after decade , it does n't happen . In fact , it gets bigger , even under Republican politicians . So the question is , at this point , is the government simply too big for any one person , even a Republican , to shrink ? 

HUCKABEE : It 's not too big to shrink . But the problem is we have a Wall Street-to-Washington axis of power that has controlled the political climate . The donor class feeds the political class who does the dance that the donor class wants . And the result is federal government keeps getting bigger . Every person on this stage who has been a governor will tell that you the biggest fight they had was not the other party . Wasn't even the legislature . It was the federal government , who continually put mandates on the states that we had to suck up and pay for . And the fact is there are a lot of things happening at the federal level that are absolutely beyond the jurisdiction of the Constitution . This is power that should be shifted back to the states , whether it 's the EPA , there is no role at the federal level for the Department of Education . [ cheering and applause ] And I 'm still one who says that we can get rid of the Internal Revenue Service if we would pass the FairTax , which is a tax on consumption rather than a tax on people 's income , and move power back where the founders believed it should have been all along . 

BAIER : Dr. Carson ... 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Bret , Bret , Bret ... 

BAIER : Dr. Carson , do you agree with that? 

CARSON : What I agree with is that we need a significantly changed taxation system . And the one that I've advocated is based on tithing , because I think God is a pretty fair guy . And he said , you know , if you give me a tithe , it doesn't matter how much you made . If you've had a bumper crop , you do n't owe me triple tithes . And if you 've had no crops at all , you don't owe me no tithes . So there must be something inherently fair about that . And that 's why I 've advocated a proportional tax system . You make $ 10 billion , you pay a billion . You make $ 10 , you pay one . And everybody gets treated the same way . And you get rid of the deductions , you get rid of all the loopholes , and ... [ timer sounds ] 

BAIER : Governor Bush ? 

CARSON : And I have a lot more to say about it . 

BAIER : We 're going to come back to you , Dr. Carson . Governor Bush , you are one of the few people on the stage who advocates for Common Core education standards , reading and math . A lot of people on this stage vigorously oppose a federal involvement in education . They say it should all be handled locally . President Obama 's secretary of education , Arnie Duncan , has said that most of the criticism of Common Core is due to a , quote , `` fringe group of critics . '' Do you think that 's accurate ? 

BUSH : No , I don't . And I don't believe the federal government should be involved in the creation of standards directly or indirectly , the creation of curriculum or content . It is clearly a state responsibility . I'm for higher standards ... [ applause ] ... measured in an intellectually honest way , with abundant school choice , ending social promotion . And I know how to do this because as governor of the state of Florida I created the first statewide voucher program in the country , the second statewide voucher program , in the country and the third statewide voucher program in the country . And we had rising student achievement across the board , because high standards , robust accountability , ending social promotion in third grade , real school choice across the board , challenging the teachers union and beating them is the way to go . And Florida 's low income kids had the greatest gains inside the country . Our graduation rate improved by 50 percent . That 's what I 'm for . 

BAIER : Senator Rubio , why is Governor Bush wrong on Common Core ? 

RUBIO : Well , first off , I too believe in curriculum reform . It is critically important in the 21st Century . We do need curriculum reform . And it should happen at the state and local level . That 's . . . that 's . . . that is where educational policy belongs , because if a parent is unhappy with what their child is being taught in school, they can go to that local school board or their state legislature, or their governor and get it changed . Here 's the problem with Common Core . The Department of Education, like every federal agency, will never be satisfied. They will not stop with it being a suggestion . They will turn it into a mandate . In fact , what they will begin to say to local communities is, you will not get federal money unless do you things the way we want you to do it . And they will use Common Core or any other requirements that exists nationally to force it down the throats of our people in our states . [ applause ] 

BAIER : And do you agree with your old friend ? 

BUSH : He is definitely my friend . And I think the states ought to create these standards . And if states want to opt out of Common Core , fine . Just make sure your standards are high . Because today in America, a third of our kids, after we spend more per student than any country in the world other than a couple rounding errors, to be honest with you , 30 percent are college- and/or career-ready . If we are going to compete in this world we 're in today , there is no possible way we can do it with lowering expectations and dumbing down everything . Children are going to suffer and families' hearts are going to be broken that their kids wo n't be able to get a job in the 21st Century . [ applause ] 

BAIER : We have many more questions coming on a host of topics , here from Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . Stay with us . [ video clip begins ] 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : What would make stand out as the best choice for the Republican nomination ? 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : How do you intend to go about student loan reform ? 

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : What will be the first thing you will do to stimulate economic growth in our country and bring more jobs to the United States ? [ video clip ends ] [ commercial break ] 

BAIER : We have many more questions coming on a host of topics . Here from Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . Stay with us . [ video clip begins ] 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : What would make you stand out as the best choice for the Republican nomination ? 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : How do you intend to go about student loan reform ? 

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : What will be the first thing you will do to stimulate economic growth in our country and bring more jobs to the United States ? [ video clip ends ] [ commercial break ] 
