COOPER : Senator Sanders , are you tougher on — on climate change than Secretary Clinton ? 

SANDERS
 : Well , I will tell you this . I believe — and Pope Francis made this 
point . This is a moral issue . The scientists are telling us that we 
need to move extremely boldly . I am proud that , along with Senator 
Barbara Boxer , a few years ago , we introduced the first piece of 
climate change legislation which called for a tax on carbon . And let me
 also tell you that nothing is gonna happen unless we are prepared to 
deal with campaign finance reform , because the fossil fuel industry is 
funding the Republican Party , which denies the reality of climate 
change ... [ applause ] ... and certainly is not prepared to go forward 
aggressively . This is a moral issue . We have got to be extremely 
aggressive in working with China , India , Russia . 

COOPER : Senator — thank you , Senator . 

SANDERS : The planet — the future of the planet is at stake . 

COOPER : Secretary Clinton , I want you to be able to respond , then I 'm gonna go to ( ph ) ( inaudible ) . 

CLINTON
 : Well , that — that 's exactly what I 've been doing . When we met in 
Copenhagen in 2009 and , literally , President Obama and I were hunting 
for the Chinese , going throughout this huge convention center , because
 we knew we had to get them to agree to something . Because there will 
be no effective efforts against climate change unless China and India 
join with the rest of the world . They told us they 'd left for the 
airport ; we found out they were having a secret meeting . We marched up
 , we broke in , we said , `` We 've been looking all over for you . Let
 's sit down and talk about what we need to do . '' And we did come up 
with the first international agreement that China has signed . Thanks to
 President Obama 's leadership , it 's now gone much further . 

COOPER : Thank you . 

CLINTON
 : And I do think that the bilateral agreement that President Obama made
 with the Chinese was significant . Now , it needs to go further , and 
there will be an international meeting at the end of this year , and we 
must get verifiable commitments to fight climate change from every 
country gathered there . 

COOPER : Dana Bash ? 

