COOPER : And we want to — and we 're going to talk more about climate change and environmental issues coming up . Some of the candidates have tried marijuana , as have pretty much — probably everybody in this room . ( LAUGHTER ) Others have not . Does that influence — does it influence their views on legalization ? Find out that and others ahead . ( COMMERCIAL BREAK ) COOPER : And welcome back to this CNN Democratic presidential debate . It has been quite a night so far . We are in the final block of this debate . All the candidates are back , which I 'm very happy to see . ( LAUGHTER ) COOPER : It 's a long story . Let 's continue , shall we ? Secretary Clinton , welcome back . CLINTON : Well , thank you . ( LAUGHTER ) CLINTON : You know , it does take me a little longer . That 's all I can say . COOPER : That 's right . Secretary Clinton , Governor O'Malley says the presidency is not a crown to be passed back and forth between two royal families . This year has been the year of the outsider in politics , just ask Bernie Sanders . Why should Democrats embrace an insider like yourself ? CLINTON : Well , I ca n't think of anything more of an outsider than electing the first woman president , but I 'm not just running because I would be the first woman president . [ applause ] CLINTON : I 'm running because I have a lifetime of experience in getting results and fighting for people , fighting for kids , for women , for families , fighting to even the odds . And I know what it takes to get things done . I know how to find common ground and I know how to stand my ground . And I think we 're going to need both of those in Washington to get anything that we 're talking about up here accomplished . So I 'm very happy that I have both the commitment of a lifetime and the experience of a lifetime to bring together to offer the American people . COOPER : Governor O'Malley , do you want to tell Secretary Clinton why she should n't get the crown ? O'MALLEY : Well , actually , you know , we had this conversation . And I will share with you that I 've traveled all around the country , Anderson , and there 's two phrases I keep hearing again and again and again . And they 're the phrases `` new leadership '' and `` getting things done . '' We can not be this dissatisfied with our gridlocked national politics and an economy where 70 percent of us are earning the same or less than we were 12 years ago , and think that a resort to old names is going to move us forward . I respect what Secretary Clinton and her husband have done for our country . But our country needs new leadership to move forward . COOPER : Secretary Clinton , you have to be able to respond , if you want . CLINTON : Well , I would not ask anyone to vote for me based on my last name . I would ask them to listen to what I 'm proposing , look at what I 've accomplished in the Senate , as secretary of of state , and then draw your own conclusion . I certainly am not campaigning to become president because my last name is Clinton . I 'm campaigning because I think I have the right combination of what the country needs , at this point , and I think I can take the fight to the Republicans , because we can not afford a Republican to succeed Barack Obama as president of the United States . 
