WALLACE : Welcome back to FOX News/Facebook Republican Debate Night . We 're going to continue the questions now on illegal immigration . We kind of ended with a cliffhanger there . So let 's continue the conversation . Governor Kasich , I know you do n't like to talk about Donald Trump . But I do want to ask you about the merit of what he just said . When you say that the American government is stupid , that the Mexican government is sending criminals , that we 're being bamboozled , is that an adequate response to the question of illegal immigration ? KASICH : Chris , first of all , I was just saying to Chris Christie , they say we 're outspoken , we need to take lessons from Donald Trump if we 're really going to learn it . Here is the thing about Donald Trump . Donald Trump is hitting a nerve in this country . He is . He 's hitting a nerve . People are frustrated . They 're fed up . They do n't think the government is working for them . And for people who want to just tune him out , they 're making a mistake . Now , he 's got his solutions . Some of us have other solutions . You know , look , I balanced the federal budget as one of the chief architects when I was in Washington . Has n't been done since . I was a military reformer . I took the state of Ohio from an $ 8 billion hole and a 350,000 job loss to a $ 2 billion surplus and a gain of 350,000 jobs . WALLACE : Respectfully , can we talk about illegal immigration ? KASICH : But the point is that we all have solutions . Mr. Trump is touching a nerve because people want the wall to be built . They want to see an end to illegal immigration . They want to see it , and we all do . But we all have different ways of getting there . And you 're going to hear from all of us tonight about what our ideas are . WALLACE : All right , well , Senator Rubio , let me see if I can do better with you . Is it as simple as our leaders are stupid , their leaders are smart , and all of these illegals coming over are criminals ? RUBIO : Let me set the record straight on a couple of things . The first is , the evidence is now clear that the majority of people coming across the border are not from Mexico . They 're coming from Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras . Those countries are the source of the people that are now coming in its majority . I also believe we need a fence . The problem is if El Chapo builds a tunnel under the fence , we have to be able to deal with that too . And that 's why you need an e-verify system and you need an entry-exit tracking system and all sorts of other things to prevent illegal immigration . But I agree with what Governor Kasich just said . People are frustrated . This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration . There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States , and people feel like we 're being taken advantage of . We feel like despite our generosity , we 're being taken advantage of . And let me tell you who never gets talked about in these debates . The people that call my office , who have been waiting for 15 years to come to the United States . And they 've paid their fees , and they hired a lawyer , and they ca n't get in . And they 're wondering , maybe they should come illegally . [ applause ] And so these are important issues , and we should address it . It 's a serious problem that needs to be addressed , and otherwise we 're going to keep talking about this for the next 30 years , like we have for the last 30 years . WALLACE : Governor Walker . [ applause ] Governor Walker , from 2002 until as recently as 2013 , just two years ago , you supported comprehensive immigration reform , including a path to citizenship . Now you say that was a quick reaction to something you had n't really thought about , and that you 've changed your mind . Other than politics , could you explain why in the last two years you 've changed your position on a path to citizenship , and are there other past positions that we should n't hold you to ? WALKER : Chris , I actually said that on your show earlier this year . [ crosstalk ] I acknowledged that . I said I actually listened to the American people . And I think people across America want a leader who 's actually going to listen to them . I talked to border state governors and other elected officials . I look at how this president , particularly through last November , messed up the immigration system in this country . Most importantly , I listened to the people of America . I believe we need to secure the border . I 've been to the border with Governor Abbott in Texas and others , seeing the problems that they have there . There is international criminal organizations penetrating our southern based borders , and we need to do something about it . Secure the border , enforce the law , no amnesty , and go forward with the legal immigration system that gives priority to American working families and wages . [ applause ] WALLACE : Senator Cruz , some 1,400 people submitted questions on this very hot topic of illegal immigration on Facebook , and a number of them were about the murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco , allegedly shot down by an illegal . Doug Bettencourt sent this question , `` will you support Kate Steinle 's Law , '' which would impose a mandatory five-year prison term for an illegal who is deported and then returns to this country ? `` And will you defund sanctuary cities for violating federal law ? '' CRUZ : Chris , absolutely yes . And not only will I support it ... [ applause ] ... I have authored Kate 's law in the United States Senate and filed that legislation . I tried to get the Senate to vote to pass Kate 's law on the floor of the Senate just one week ago , and the leader of our own party blocked a vote on Kate 's law . You know , there was reference made to our leaders being stupid . It 's not a question of stupidity . It 's that they do n't want to enforce the immigration laws . That there are far too many in the Washington cartel that support amnesty . President Obama has talked about fundamentally transforming this country . There 's 7 billion people across the face of the globe , many of whom want to come to this country . If they come legally , great . But if they come illegally and they get amnesty , that is how we fundamentally change this country , and it really is striking . A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty . I have never supported amnesty , and I led the fight against Chuck Schumer 's gang of eight amnesty legislation in the Senate .