BAIER : Saying it needs to be repealed and replaced . 
TRUMP : Correct . 
BAIER : Now , 15 years ago , you called yourself a liberal on health care . You were for a single-payer system , a Canadian-style system . Why were you for that then and why are n't you for it now ? 
TRUMP : First of all , I 'd like to just go back to one . In July of 2004 , I came out strongly against the war with Iraq , because it was going to destabilize the Middle East . And I 'm the only one on this stage that knew that and had the vision to say it . And that 's exactly what happened . 
BAIER : But on ObamaCare ... 
TRUMP : And the Middle East became totally destabilized . So I just want to say . As far as single payer , it works in Canada . It works incredibly well in Scotland . It could have worked in a different age , which is the age you 're talking about here . What I 'd like to see is a private system without the artificial lines around every state . I have a big company with thousands and thousands of employees . And if I 'm negotiating in New York or in New Jersey or in California , I have like one bidder . Nobody can bid . You know why ? Because the insurance companies are making a fortune because they have control of the politicians , of course , with the exception of the politicians on this stage . But they have total control of the politicians . They 're making a fortune . Get rid of the artificial lines and you will have ... [ timer sounds ] ... yourself great plans . And then we have to take care of the people that can't take care of themselves . And I will do that through a different system . [ crosstalk ] 
BAIER : Mr. Trump , hold up one second . PAUL : I 've got a news flash ... 
BAIER : All right , now , hold on , Senator Paul ... 
PAUL : News flash , the Republican Party 's been fighting against a single-payer system ... 
BAIER : OK. 
PAUL : -- for a decade . So I think you 're on the wrong side of this if you 're still arguing for a single-payer system . 
TRUMP : I 'm not -- I 'm not are -- I don't think you heard me . You 're having a hard time tonight . 
BAIER : All right , let me ... [ applause ] Mr. Trump , it 's not just your past support for single- payer health care . You 've also supported a host of other liberal policies . Use -- you 've also donated to several Democratic candidates , Hillary Clinton included , Nancy Pelosi . You explained away those donations saying you did that to get business-related favors . And you said recently , quote , `` When you give , they do whatever the hell you want them to do . '' 
TRUMP : You 'd better believe it . 
BAIER : So what specifically did ... 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : That 's true . 

BAIER : -- they do ? 

TRUMP : If I ask them , if I need them , you know , most of the people on this stage I 've given to , just so you understand , a lot of money . 

RUBIO : Not me . 

HUCKABEE : Not me . [ laughter ] But you 're welcome to give me a check , Donald if you 'd like . 

TRUMP : Many of them . 

RUBIO : Actually , to be clear ... [ crosstalk ] ... he supported Charlie Crist . 

TRUMP : Not much . 

RUBIO : Hey , Charlie ... [ crosstalk ] 

TRUMP : But I ... [ crosstalk ] 

KASICH : Donald , if you ... [ crosstalk ] 

TRUMP : I have good ... 

KASICH : -- this campaign , I hope you will give to me . 

TRUMP : Good . 

KASICH : OK. 

TRUMP : Sounds good . Sounds good to me , Governor . I will tell you that our system is broken . I gave to many people , before this , before two months ago , I was a businessman . I give to everybody . When they call , I give . And do you know what ? When I need something from them two years later , three years later , I call them , they are there for me . 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : So what did you get ? TRUMP : And that 's a broken system . 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : What did you get from Hillary Clinton and Nancy Pelosi ? 

TRUMP : Well , I 'll tell you what , with Hillary Clinton , I said be at my wedding and she came to my wedding . You know why ? She did n't have a choice because I gave . I gave to a foundation that , frankly , that foundation is supposed to do good . I did n't know her money would be used on private jets going all over the world . It was . But ... [ timer sounds ] [ crosstalk ] 

BAIER : Hold on . We 're going to -- we're going to move on . [crosstalk ] We 'll come back to you, Governor Walker . 

WALKER : Just one second on this , though . We -- we spent a lot of time talking about Hillary Clinton and -- -and pitting us back and forth . Let 's be clear , we should be talking about Hillary Clinton on that last subject , because everywhere in the world that Hillary Clinton touched is more messed up today than before she and the president [ inaudible ] . 

BAIER : We have many questions to come. 

WALKER : It 's true . 