KELLY : Alright , gentlemen , we 're gon na switch topics now and talk a bit about terror and national security . Governor Christie . You 've said that Senator Paul 's opposition to the NSA 's collection of phone records has made the United States weaker and more vulnerable , even going so far as to say that he should be called before Congress to answer for it if we should be hit by another terrorist attack . Do you really believe you can assign blame to Senator Paul just for opposing the bulk collection of people 's phone records in the event of a terrorist attack ? CHRISTIE : Yes , I do . And I 'll tell you why : because I 'm the only person on this stage who 's actually filed applications under the Patriot Act , who has gone before the federal -- the Foreign Intelligence Service court , who has prosecuted and investigated and jailed terrorists in this country after September 11th . I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on September 10th , 2001 , and the world changed enormously the next day , and that happened in my state . This is not theoretical to me . I went to the funerals . We lost friends of ours in the Trade Center that day . My own wife was two blocks from the Trade Center that day , at her office , having gone through it that morning . When you actually have to be responsible for doing this , you can do it , and we did it , for seven years in my office , respecting civil liberties and protecting the homeland . And I will make no apologies , ever , for protecting the lives and the safety of the American people . We have to give more tools to our folks to be able to do that , not fewer , and then trust those people and oversee them to do it the right way . As president , that is exactly what I 'll do . PAUL : Megyn , may I respond ? [ applause ] May I respond ? KELLY : Go ahead , sir . PAUL : I want to collect more records from terrorists , but less records from innocent Americans . The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over ! John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence , and I 'm proud of standing for the Bill of Rights , and I will continue to stand for the Bill of Rights . [ applause ] CHRISTIE : And -- and , Megyn ? Megyn , that 's a -- that , you know , that 's a completely ridiculous answer . `` I want to collect more records from terrorists , but less records from other people . '' How are you supposed to know , Megyn ? PAUL : Use the Fourth Amendment ! CHRISTIE : What are you supposed to ... PAUL : Use the Fourth Amendment ! CHRISTIE : ... how are you supposed to -- no , I 'll tell you how you , look ... PAUL : Get a warrant ! CHRISTIE : Let me tell you something , you go ... 
PAUL : Get a judge to sign the warrant ! CHRISTIE : When you -- you know , senator ... [ crosstalk ] KELLY : Governor Christie , make your point . 
CHRISTIE : Listen , senator , you know , when you 're sitting in a subcommittee , just blowing hot air about this , you can say things like that . [ applause ] When you 're responsible for protecting the lives of the American people , then what you need to do is to make sure is to make sure that you use the system the way it 's supposed to work . PAUL : Here 's the problem , governor . Here 's the problem , governor . You fundamentally misunderstand the Bill of Rights . Every time you did a case , you got a warrant from a judge . I 'm talking about searches without warrants indiscriminately , of all Americans ' records , and that 's what I fought to end . I do n't trust President Obama with our records . I know you gave him a big hug , and if you want to give him a big hug again , go right ahead . [ applause ] KELLY : Go ahead , governor . CHRISTIE : And you know -- you know , Senator Paul ? Senator Paul , you know , the hugs that I remember are the hugs that I gave to the families who lost their people on September 11th . Those are the hugs I remember , and those had nothing to do -- and those had nothing to do with politics , unlike what you 're doing by cutting speeches on the floor of the Senate , then putting them on the Internet within half an hour to raise money for your campaign and while still putting our country at risk . [ crosstalk ] KELLY : Alright , we 've got ta cut it off there . We have plenty more we want to get to . That was an interesting exchange , thank you for that . CHRISTIE : You know what , Megyn , can I ... KELLY : Well , I want to move on , because I have -- we 're gon na get to you , governor , but I -- I really wan na get to a Facebook questioner . His name is Alex Chalgren , and he has the following question : [ video clip begins ] QUESTION : : My question is , how would the candidates stop the treacherous actions of ISIS -- ISIL and its growing influence in the U.S. , if they were to become president ? [ video clip ends ]