RoswellSpaceman: Sorry Reddit....Hillary is kicking Bernie's ass.
hides behind chair
Invient: ILL &amp;@%$-$+# admit that to be true at this moment.
liamliam1234liam: In the same way Romney beat Obama in one of their debates: disingenuously. Yes, Hillary, tell us how it was a no-brainer for you to vote for gun control and how clearly Bernie supports murders. It is not as if you can reverse that on a much larger scale with the Iraq War. Oh, wait.
Mutt1223: No, Romney didn't win, Obama lost because he seemed disinterested and relied to heavily on trying to actually explain the issue. In this debate though, Clinton is winning despite Bernie.
ShouldersofGiants100: And Obama could afford a loss... in fact I'm still fairly convinced he threw that first debate because expectations of him as a debater were so high he needed to lower them to wipe the floor in the later ones. Bernie can't afford that... if he doesn't absolutely slaughter Hillary, his campaign is basically dead.
[deleted]: The gun control answers were the perfect example of Bernie trying to give a fairly nuanced policy answer and Hilary "beating" him with a flashy catchphrase that has zero justification in reality.
Bernie: "We have to balance the needs of rural gun-owners with the social costs of gun ownership."
Hilary: "We have to do battle with the NRA in the streets! We'll use their own guns against them! Storm the Bastille!!! Que sera Gun Laws!!!"
fireinthesky7: Yeah, nobody who dinged Bernie for that answer has ever been to the South. I'm not a gun advocate by any stretch, but Bernie is exactly right.
Glblwrmingisfak: I am a gun advocate and the argument seems more like a cop out to me. Especially when juxtaposed with his stance on assault weapons. I don't think he understands the issue any better then the rest of the Democratic party.
fireinthesky7: It's the exact same argument the GOP uses any time anyone proposes common-sense solutions to gun violence.
Glblwrmingisfak: What argument?
Nobody proposes common sense gun solutions. The DOJ over a decade ago already determined that an assault weapons ban won't do shit for addressing homicide rates in the US. It is not a solution for any of our problems, which Bernie should know because he clearly isn't stupid.
Raccoonpuncher: Hillary is doing okay, but Bernie is crashing and burning. I love the man, but he has been dodging questions and getting upstaged by Hillary left and right.
kirkwilcox: Berning
Kumpfh41: Damn It looks like I'm on of the few who thought Hillary did a complete shit job?
[deleted]: exactly
Arcanine_Rules: Ya, Bernie has had a couple stumbles
Notreallybutmaybe: I didn't understand the whole "Putin will realize he's wrong. He'll come around."
Sure thing Bernie, I'm sure Kim Jong Un will be right behind him too.
CollumMcJingleballs: Bernie just got hit hard by Martin O Malley. Malley's hitting and Sanders just sounds like he's lecturing.
Janube: Bernie's soft stance on guns is not what Americans want to hear right now, and Hillary is capitalizing on that to a huge degree. I'm shocked he didn't have anything better prepared to address that.
120z8t: Bernie's soft stance on guns is not what Americans want to hear right now,
Are you sure? I do not think so. You will never win any rural votes by being hard on guns. Sanders understands this.
Janube: Right, but rural voters aren't what he needs, and taking a soft stance against guns in the current climate isn't favored, as evidenced by the deafening cheers Hillary got.
