WALLACE : Governor Christie , I want to engage you and Governor Huckabee in a subject that is a big issue in both of your campaigns , and that is entitlement reform . You say that you -- to save the system that you want to raise the retirement age -- have to raise the retirement age , and to cut benefits for Social Security and Medicare , and you say that some of the candidates here on the stage are lying . Governor Huckabee says he can save Social Security and Medicare without doing any of that . Is he lying ? 

CHRISTIE : No , he 's not lying , he 's just wrong . I mean , so , there 's a difference -- I 'm the only guy on this stage who 's put out a detailed , 12 point plan on entitlement reform and here 's why -- because 71 % of federal spending right now is on entitlements , and debt service , 71 % . And we have spent the last hour and five minutes talking about the other 29 % , and no time on the 71 % , and that makes no sense . Now , let me tell you exactly what we would do on Social Security . Yes , we 'd raise the retirement age two years , and phase it in over 25 years , that means we 'd raise it one month a year for 25 years when we 're all living longer , and living better lives . Secondly , we would means test Social Security for those who are making over $ 200,000 dollars a year in retirement income , and have $ 4 to $ 5 million dollars in liquid assets saved . They do n't need that Social Security check . Social Security is meant to be -- to make sure that no one who 's worked hard , and played by the rules , and paid into the system grows old in poverty in America . If we do n't deal with this problem , it will bankrupt our country , or lead to massive tax increases , neither one that we want in this country . [ applause ] 

WALLACE : Governor Huckabee ? You say that changing entitlements , the kind of thing that Governor Christie is talking about , would be breaking a promise to the American people , and you say that you can keep those programs , save Social Security , save Medicare , without those kinds of reforms through a FairTax , which is a broad tax on consumption . Please explain to Governor Christie how that would work , and how you could save these programs without the kind of painful reforms he says we need ? 

HUCKABEE : Well , let 's all be reminded , 60 million Americans are on Social Security , 60 million . A third of those people depend on 90 % of their income from Social Security . Nobody in this country is on Social Security because they made the decision when they were starting work at 14 that they wanted to trust some of their money with the government . The government took it out of their check whether they wanted them to or not . And , if person goes to 65 , they 're going to spend 51 years with the government reaching into their pocket at every paycheck . Now , here 's the point , whose fault is it that the system is screwed up ? Is it the recipients , or is it the government ? And , if Congress wants to mess with the retirement program , why do n't we let them start by changing their retirement program , and not have one , instead of talking about getting rid of Social Security and Medicare that was robbed $ 700 billion dollars to pay for Obamacare . It 's always that the government figures that they can do this off the backs of people , many of whom are poor , and depend on that money , and I just think it 's fundamentally lying to the people and stealing from them , and we should n't be doing it . [ applause ] 

CHRISTIE : Chris ... 

WALLACE : ... Thirty seconds . 

CHRISTIE : Yeah , sure . And , I do n't disagree with ending Congress ' retirement program . I 'm a governor , I do n't have a retirement program in my state , and I do n't disagree with that . But , here 's the news to the American people , he 's complaining about the lying and stealing . The lying and stealing has already occurred . The trust fund is filled with IOU 's . We ca n't fix the problem just by ending Congress 's retirement , that 's worth about , `` this '' much . We need to go at the fundamental problem , and the fundamental problem is that this system is broken . It has been stolen from . We have been lied to , [ timer sounds ] and we need a strong leader to tell the truth and fix ... 

WALLACE : ... Alright , this is it . Thirty Seconds , finally . 

HUCKABEE : Well , you ask about how we fund it . One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage . The people who get wages is declining dramatically . Most of the income in this country is made by people at the top who get dividends and -- and capital gains . The FairTax transforms the process by which we fund Social Security and Medicare because the money paid in consumption is paid by everybody , including illegals , prostitutes , pimps , drug dealers , all the people [ timer sounds ] that are freeloading off the system now . [ applause ] That 's why it ought to be a transformed system . [ applause ] 

WALLACE : All right . Enough . [ applause ] Mr. Trump . 
