COOPER : Senator Sanders , I want you to be able to respond , 30 seconds . 
SANDERS : I think the governor gave a very good example about the weaknesses in that law and I think we have to take another look at it . But here is the point , Governor . We can raise our voices , but I come from a rural state , and the views on gun control in rural states are different than in urban states , whether we like it or not . Our job is to bring people together around strong , commonsense gun legislation . I think there is a vast majority in this country who want to do the right thing , and I intend to lead the country in bringing our people together . 
O'MALLEY : Senator — Senator , excuse me . [ crosstalk ]
O'MALLEY : Senator , it is not about rural — Senator , it was not about rural and urban . 
SANDERS : It 's exactly about rural .
O'MALLEY : Have you ever been to the Eastern Shore ? Have you ever been to Western Maryland ? We were able to pass this and still respect the hunting traditions of people who live in our rural areas . 
SANDERS : Governor ... 
O'MALLEY : And we did it by leading with principle , not by pandering to the NRA and backing down to the NRA . 
SANDERS : Well , as somebody who has a D-minus voting record ... [ crosstalk ] 
O'MALLEY : And I have an F from the NRA , Senator . 
SANDERS : I do n't think I am pandering . But you have not been in the United States Congress . 
O'MALLEY : Well , maybe that 's a healthy thing . [ laughter ]
 SANDERS : And when you want to , check it out . And if you think — if you think that we can simply go forward and pass something tomorrow without bringing people together , you are sorely mistaken . 
COOPER : Let me bring in somebody who has a different viewpoint . Senator Webb , your rating from the NRA , you once had an A rating from the NRA . You 've said gun violence goes down when more people are allowed to carry guns . Would encouraging more people to be armed be part of your response to a mass shooting ? 
WEBB : Look , there are two fundamental issues that are involved in this discussion . We need to pay respect to both of them . The first is the issue of who should be kept from having guns and using firearms . And we have done not a good job on that . A lot of them are criminals . And a lot of the people are getting killed are members of gangs inside our urban areas . And a lot of them are mentally incapacitated . And the shooting in Virginia Tech in '07 , this individual had received medical care for mental illness from three different professionals who were not allowed to share the information . So we do need background checks . We need to keep the people who should not have guns away from them . But we have to respect the tradition in this country of people who want to defend themselves and their family from violence . 
COOPER : Senator ... 
WEBB : May I ? People are going back and forth here for 10 minutes here . There are people at high levels in this government who have bodyguards 24 hours a day , seven days a week . The average American does not have that , and deserves the right to be able to protect their family . 
COOPER : Senator — Governor Chafee , you have an F rating from the NRA , what do you think about what Senator Webb just said ? 
CHAFEE : Yes , I have a good record of voting for gun commonsense safety legislation , but the reality is , despite these tragedies that happen time and time again , when legislators step up to pass commonsense gun safety legislation , the gun lobby moves in and tells the people they 're coming to take away your guns . And , they 're successful at it , in Colorado and others states , the legislators that vote for commonsense gun safety measures then get defeated . I even saw in Rhode Island . So , I would bring the gun lobby in and say we 've got to change this . Where can we find common ground ? Wayne Lapierre from the NRA , whoever it is , the leaders . Come one , we 've go to change this . We 're not coming to take away your guns , we believe in the Second Amendment , but let 's find common ground here . 
COOPER : I want to ... 
O'MALLEY : ... Anderson , when the NRA wrote to everyone in our state — when the NRA wrote to members in our state and told people with hunting traditions lies about what our comprehensive gun safety legislation is , I wrote right back to them and laid out what it actually did . And that 's why , not only did we pass it , but the NRA did n't dare to petition a referendum Because we built a public consensus 
COOPER : ... I want to move on to another issue , which is in the headlines right now , another crisis making headlines . Secretary Clinton , Russia , they 're challenging the U.S. in Syria . According to U.S. intelligence , they 've lied about who they 're bombing . You spearheaded the reset with Russia . Did you underestimate the Russians , and as president , what would your response to Vladimir Putin be right now in Syria ? 
CLINTON : Well , first of all , we got a lot of business done with the Russians when Medvedev was the president , and not Putin . We got a nuclear arms deal , we got the Iranian sanctions , we got an ability to bring important material and equipment to our soldiers in Afghanistan . There 's no doubt that when Putin came back in and said he was going to be President , that did change the relationship . We have to stand up to his bullying , and specifically in Syria , it is important — and I applaud the administration because they are engaged in talks right now with the Russians to make it clear that they 've got to be part of the solution to try to end that bloody conflict . And , to — provide safe zones so that people are not going to have to be flooding out of Syria at the rate they are . And , I think it 's important too that the United States make it very clear to Putin that it 's not acceptable for him to be in Syria creating more chaos , bombing people on behalf of Assad , and we ca n't do that if we do n't take more of a leadership position , which is what I 'm advocating . 
COOPER : Senator Sanders , what would you do differently . 
SANDERS : Well , let 's understand that when we talk about Syria , you 're talking about a quagmire in a quagmire . You 're talking about groups of people trying to overthrow Assad , other groups of people fighting ISIS . You 're talking about people who are fighting ISIS using their guns to overthrow Assad , and vice versa . I 'm the former chairman of the Senate Veterans Committee , and in that capacity I learned a very powerful lesson about the cost of war , and I will do everything that I can to make sure that the United States does not get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq , the worst foreign policy blunder in the history of this country . We should be putting together a coalition of Arab countries who should be leading the effort . We should be supportive , but I do not support American ground troops in Syria . 