
 g_mo821:
 So sanders plan for education inflation is giving more people degrees?
 Interesting...

 Edit- inflation being a college degree is basically high school now
Elmattador: why doesn't bernie ever talk about trade schools or community
 college? Not everybody should go to college!

 g_mo821: Can't tell if you're being serious but it's true not everyone
 needs college.

 Elmattador: no sarcasm

 jeb_the_hick: You still have to get in

 g_mo821: ASU enrollment will double But seriously that would just widen the
 gap between elite schools and normal schools

 PolishMusic: It's still possible to fail out of college...

 e3thomps: By having the Government pay for college education they have
 massively increased bargaining power with the universities and can lower
 rates.

 Sithsaber 2: High School= Middle School

 College= High School

 Post Grads and Masters Programs= College

 Done

 g_mo821:Or high school is high school, college is college.

 Sithsaber: Have you been to high school? It's shit.

 g_mo821: Make it better.

 Sithsaber: How did they make high schools better back in the day? They cut
 it up and made middle school. How can they make high school better now? Take
 away some of the pressure placed on it by making college a sure thing. The
 best thing about this is that liberal arts degrees are already poised to be
 made the new makeshift diploma of minimal worth that high school diplomas are
 nowadays.

 g_mo821: If college was a sure thing, I wouldn't try in high school.

 Sithsaber: Conversely many don't try in high school because they feel that
 they are already shut out of college. Fine, community college can be high
 school, and for profit shitholes like kaplan and university of Phoenix can be
 our outsourced remedial programs.

 telperiontree: Education inflation is mostly caused by administrative bloat
 and insufficient public funding.

 If you are talking about tuition increases. If you're talking about
 employers requiring a degree to tie your own shoelaces, you're out of
 luck.

 g_mo821: The latter. Getting more people a degree will saturate the entry
 level market even more. It's already a disaster