
 Helicase21:My
 ranking so far:
1. Hillary: Nobody's been able to make an attack stick yet and that's what
 needed to happen
2. O'Malley: Performing much higher than expectations IMHO
3. Sanders: Seems like he's kinda choking.
4. Webb: Answer on guns won't win him many points with dems but is at least
 coherent
5. Chaffee: Who put this guy on the stage?

 Fallen_Glory: She's literally skirting issues how is she in first?

 Helicase21: Because she came in relatively strong and nobody's been able to
 make anything stick to her. She looks confident, intelligent, and
 well-informed. Remember the whole thing a month or so ago about how having
 fewer debates was good for Hillary? I'm not so sure that's true, especially
 if Sanders, by far her biggest competitor, continues to perform as
 lacklusterly as he has so far in this one.

 Stompedm: Chaffee looks like the grabbed some guy off the street just to
 make the other guys look better.

 [deleted]: How can someone make an attack on her when all she does is speak
 when she isn't spoken to out of turn? SHe just has been doing counters. She
 has had hardly any direct questions so far.

 Helicase21: I'm just talking about debate performance as things stand so
 far. I'm not saying it's a good thing or a bad thing, but she's a smart lady
 and a canny campaigner (and thus debater). She has very little to gain by
 speaking too much, and a lot to lose if she opens herself up for an
 attack.

 [deleted]: That is an unfair ranking then that isn't objective.

 You ahve to weight the thing I said very seriously if you want to put that
 sort of list up. You can't rank her high if she's hardly had that sort of
 questioniing on her.

 Helicase21: Sorry, I was totally
 unclear. This isn't in any way a ranking of how I'm planning on voting. I'm
 doing my best to figure out who 'won' in the pundit-analysis sense of the
 word. I don't think it's a good thing and I think Hillary should be challenged
 more, but she's debating strategically.

 Hencley: I think these are fair as well

 Black_Nerd: Brit here, so I'm coming
 in cold. O'Malley's been killing it. But I feel like Hillary hasn't really
 said jack shit of importance, and she seems to have a dick load of supporters
 in that audience, so every other sentence gets a cheer. Sanders has been iffy
 as hell, and I'm not sure why he didn't take a solid stance on gun
 control.

 Helicase21: I mentioned this in
 another comment, but Hillary is basically the frontrunner. She has little to
 gain by making strong, impassioned points, and a lot to lose by opening
 herself up for one of the other candidates to attack her.

 Sanders' stance on gun control is just weird, partly coming from a
 mostly-rural state, but it doesn't really make a lot of sense to me
 either.

 MutthaFuzza: I think O'Malley is killing it.