LOPEZ : ... Thank you , Senator .
WEBB : ... Giving a pathway to citizenship to those people who had come here , and put down their roots , and met as a series of standards ...
COOPER : ... Thank you , Senator .
WEBB : ... lost ( ph ) — I introduced that in 2007 — We need a comprehensive reform , and we need to be able to define our borders .
COOPER : Secretary Clinton ?
CLINTON : I want to follow up because I think underneath Juan Carlos ' important questions , there is such a difference between everything you 're hearing here on this stage , and what we hear from the Republicans . [ applause ]
O'MALLEY : Here . Here . ( CHEERING ) ( APPLAUSE ) CLINTON : Demonize hard-working immigrants who have insulted them . You know , I came to Las Vegas in , I think , May . Early may . Met with a group of DREAMers , I wish everybody in America could meet with this young people , to hear their stories , to know their incredible talent , their determination , and that 's why I would go further than even the executive orders that President Obama has signed when I 'm president . ( CROSS TALK )
COOPER : Secretary Clinton , let me ask you . Two of your rivals from your left , Governor O'Malley , and Senator Sanders , want to provide instate college tuition to undocumented immigrants . Where do you stand on that ?
CLINTON : My plan would support any state that takes that position , and would work with those states and encourage more states to do the same thing .
COOPER : So , on the record , you believe that undocumented immigrants should get instate college tuition .
CLINTON : If their states agree , then we want more states to do the same thing .
COOPER : Governor O'Malley ?
O'MALLEY : Anderson , we actually did this in my state of Maryland . We passed ... [ applause ]
O'MALLEY : We passed a state version of the DREAM Act ... ( CHEERING )
O'MALLEY : ... And a lot of the xenophobes , the immigrant haters like some that we 've heard like , Donald Trump , that carnival barker in the Republican party, tried to mischaracterize it as free tuition for illegal immigrants . But , we took our case to the people when it was petitioned to referendum , and we won with 58 percent of the vote . The more our children learn , the more they will earn , and that 's true of children who have yet to be naturalized but will become American citizens ...
COOPER : Senator Sanders , you talked about your record on the Veteran affairs committee . You served on that committee for the last eight years , including two years as its chairman while veterans died waiting for health care . You and Senator McCain ultimately addressed the issue with bi-partisan legislation . Why did it take 18 Inspector General reports , and a CNN investigation , and others , before you and your colleagues took action ?
SANDERS : Well , I was chairman for two years , and when I was chairman we did take action . What we did is pass a $ 15 billion dollar piece of legislation which brought in many , many new doctors , and nurses into the V.A . so that veterans in this country could get the health care when they needed it , and not be on long waiting lines . And , the other part of that legislation said that if a veteran is living more than 40 miles away from a V.A . facility , that veteran could get health care from the community health center , or the private sector . As a result of that legislation , we went further in than any time in recent history in improving health care for the men and women of this country who put their lives on the line to defend them . 
