BAIER : Welcome back to Cleveland . Our next topic is foreign policy . Candidates, you may not have seen the late developing news today our Fox Pentagon team broke earlier this evening about a top Iranian general traveling to Moscow to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin . His name is General Qassem Soleimani , he's blamed for hundreds of U.S. troop's deaths in Iraq, and Afghanistan . His trip to Russia appears to directly violate U.N. Security Council resolutions to confine him to Iran . So , Mr. Trump, if you were president, how would you respond to this ? 

TRUMP : I would be so different from what you have right now . Like, the polar opposite . We have a president who doesn't have a clue . I would say he's incompetent, but I don't want to do that because that's not nice . [ laughter ] But if you look at the deals we make, whether it 's the nuclear deal with 24 hour periods -- and by the way , before you get to the 24 hours , you have to go through a system . You look at Sgt. Bergdahl, we get Bergdahl, a traitor, and they get five of the big, great killers leaders that they want . We have people in Washington that don't know what they're doing . Now ... [ applause ; scream from audience ] I agree . [ applause ] Now, with Iran , we're making a deal, you would say, we want him . We want out our prisoners . We want all these things , and we don't get anything . We're giving them $ 150 billion dollars plus , they are going to be -- I 'll tell you what , if Iran was a stock, you folks should go out and buy it right now because you'll quadruple -- this, what's happening [ timer sounds ] in Iran , is a disgrace , and it's going to lead to destruction in large portions of the world . [ applause ] 

BAIER : Another new development today , Senior Defense officials tell Fox they strongly suspect Russia was behind the cyber attack on the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs office ... 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ... Please . 

BAIER : ... email . This comes in the wake of the Director of National Intelligence blaming the Chinese for the largest ever cyber attack , stealing personal data of tens of millions of Americans . Senator Cruz, in your view, have Russia and China committed acts of cyber war, and if you were president, what would you do about it ? 

CRUZ : Well , Bret , of course they have , and over the last six and a half years we've seen the consequences of the Obama-Clinton foreign policy . Leading from behind is a disaster . We have abandoned and alienated our friends and allies , and our enemies are stronger . Radical Islam is on the rise , Iran's on the verge of acquiring a nuclear weapon , China is waging cyber warfare against America , Russia -- General Soleimani , you just mentioned , the Iranian general is the head of the al Quds forces . He's directly responsible for the murder of over 500 American servicemen in Iraq , and part of this Iranian deal was lifting the international sanctions on General Soleimani . The day General Soleimani flew back from Moscow to Iran was the day we believed that Russia used cyber warfare against the Joint Chiefs . We need a new commander in chief that will stand up to our enemies , and that will have credibility ... [ applause ] It is worth emphasizing that Iran released our hostages in 1981 the day Ronald Reagan was sworn into office . [ applause ]
