HOLT : Mr. Trump , this is Secretary Clinton 's two minutes.

CLINTON : ... $ 4 billion tax benefit for your family . And when you look at what you are proposing ... 

TRUMP : How much ? How much for my family ? 

CLINTON : ... it is ... 

TRUMP : Lester , how much ? 

CLINTON : ... as I said , trumped-up trickle-down . Trickle-down did not work . It got us into the mess we were in , in 2008 and 2009 . Slashing taxes on the wealthy has n't worked.And a lot of really smart , wealthy people know that . And they are saying , hey , we need to do more to make the contributions we should be making to rebuild the middle class.I do n't think top-down works in America . I think building the middle class , investing in the middle class , making college debt-free so more young people can get their education , helping people refinance their—their debt from college at a lower rate . Those are the kinds of things that will really boost the economy . Broad-based , inclusive growth is what we need in America , not more advantages for people at the very top.

HOLT : Mr. Trump , we 're ... 

TRUMP : Typical politician . All talk , no action . Sounds good , does n't work . Never going to happen . Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what 's going on.Now , look , we have the worst revival of an economy since the Great Depression . And believe me : We 're in a bubble right now . And the only thing that looks good is the stock market , but if you raise interest rates even a little bit , that 's going to come crashing down.We are in a big , fat , ugly bubble . And we better be awfully careful . And we have a Fed that 's doing political things . This Janet Yellen of the Fed . The Fed is doing political—by keeping the interest rates at this level . And believe me : The day Obama goes off , and he leaves , and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf , when they raise interest rates , you 're going to see some very bad things happen , because the Fed is not doing their job . The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton.

HOLT : Mr. Trump , we 're talking about the burden that Americans have to pay , yet you have not released your tax returns . And the reason nominees have released their returns for decades is so that voters will know if their potential president owes money to—who he owes it to and any business conflicts . Do n't Americans have a right to know if there are any conflicts of interest ? 

TRUMP : I do n't mind releasing—I 'm under a routine audit . And it 'll be released . And—as soon as the audit 's finished , it will be released.But you will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the federal elections , where I filed a 104-page essentially financial statement of sorts , the forms that they have . It shows income—in fact , the income—I just looked today—the income is filed at $ 694 million for this past year , $ 694 million . If you would have told me I was going to make that 15 or 20 years ago , I would have been very surprised.But that 's the kind of thinking that our country needs . When we have a country that 's doing so badly , that 's being ripped off by every single country in the world , it 's the kind of thinking that our country needs , because everybody—Lester , we have a trade deficit with all of the countries that we do business with , of almost $ 800 billion a year . You know what that is ? That means , who 's negotiating these trade deals ? We have people that are political hacks negotiating our trade deals.

HOLT : The IRS says an audit ... 

TRUMP : Excuse me.

HOLT : ... of your taxes—you 're perfectly free to release your taxes during an audit . And so the question , does the public 's right to know outweigh your personal ... 

TRUMP : Well , I told you , I will release them as soon as the audit . Look , I 've been under audit almost for 15 years . I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited . I said , do you get audited ? I get audited almost every year.And in a way , I should be complaining . I 'm not even complaining . I do n't mind it . It 's almost become a way of life . I get audited by the IRS . But other people don't.I will say this . We have a situation in this country that has to be taken care of . I will release my tax returns—against my lawyer 's wishes—when she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted . As soon as she releases them , I will release . [ applause ] I will release my tax returns . And that 's against—my lawyers , they say , `` Do n't do it . '' I will tell you this . No—in fact , watching shows , they 're reading the papers . Almost every lawyer says , you do n't release your returns until the audit 's complete . When the audit 's complete , I 'll do it . But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails.

HOLT : So it 's negotiable ? 

TRUMP : It 's not negotiable , no . Let her release the e-mails . Why did she delete 33,000 ... 
