Lemonyfrogs 

Holy hell he's justifying the time he got sued for discrimination by saying he wasn't guilty because they made a settlement and that others did the same

Kind of disturbing

 

shreditorOG 

That was cringeworthy



_coolranch 

Slash awesome

Edit: as in I laughed out loud



shreditorOG 

Well I suppose



Dyfar 
not rly it less of a hassle to settle even when innocent.



Lemonyfrogs 

Oh I definitely agree settling is the smart move in that type of lawsuit, but he makes it phrased in a way that's completely poorly done



djoliverm

My question is, why would you settle if you know it's not true? Sure, it's cheaper to settle, but don't bring up that line that you're not at fault BECAUSE of the settlement, say you're not at fault period and never were. Thing is he knows he was at fault lol.



Lemonyfrogs

I wouldn't even hold it against him for settling, but saying it how he did makes it an admission essentially



mommy2libras 

You wouldn't. You settle when there's a good chance you'll lose the case because you don't want that black mark of discrimination on your record. Sometimes you get off cheaper too nut if it's sonething you really don't want whatever it is to be entered into eternal public record, you settle.

It's what you do instead of pleading guilty when you're guilty.



CrushedGrid 

I thought that Trump doesn't settle, ever?


DelusionalTexan 

Common practice when the lawsuit would waste money and time.



empfindsamkeit 

Common when you're guilty, too. Even for shit like murder. And it's common practice for prosecutors to settle then too, rather than spending all that money and risking a jury trial when they can get a guaranteed payment/verdict that they calculate is more than they can get from the prosecution. Prosecutors also, as we've seen with the FBI, usually don't bring a case when they don't think they can win. And the actual evidence they laid out (controlled "buys" with black and white buyers, paperwork with black people marked with a "C" for colored) sounds pretty damning. This also occurred under the Nixon presidency, so I don't think anyone can claim that Democrats or SJWs were just out to get him.

