COOPER : Secretary Clinton , you have to be able to respond . He brought you up . 
CLINTON : Yeah . You know , I — I respect the passion an intensity . I represented Wall Street , as a senator from New York , and I went to Wall Street in December of 2007 — before the big crash that we had — and I basically said , `` cut it out ! Quit foreclosing on homes ! Quit engaging in these kinds of speculative behaviors . '' I took on the Bush administration for the same thing . So I have thought deeply and long about what we 're gonna do to do exactly what I think both the senator and the governor want , which is to rein in and stop this risk . And my plan would have the potential of actually sending the executives to jail . Nobody went to jail after $ 100 billion in fines were paid and would give regulators the authority to go after the big banks . 
COOPER : Thank you . Thank you . Senator Sanders ... 
CLINTON : But I 'm telling you — I will say it tonight . If only you look at the big banks , you may be missing the forest for the trees . [ crosstalk ]
WEBB : Bernie , say my name so I can get into this . 
SANDERS : I will , just a second . 
WEBB : OK . Thank you . [ laughter ] 
SANDERS : I 'll tell him . In my view , Secretary Clinton , you do not — Congress does not regulate Wall Street . Wall Street regulates Congress . [ applause ] And we have got ta break off these banks . Going to them and saying , `` please , do the right thing '' is kind of naive. 
WEBB : Anderson , I need to jump in ( inaudible ) . 
CLINTON : So no , that 's not what that — I think Dodd-Frank was a very good start , and I think that we have to implement it . We have to prevent the Republicans from ripping it apart . We have to save the Consumer Financial Protection board , which is finally beginning to act to protect consumers . [ applause ] We have work to do . You 've got no argument from me . But I know , if we do n't come in with a very tough and comprehensive approach , like the plan I 'm recommending , we 're gon na be behind instead of ahead on what the next crisis could be . 
COOPER : Governor O'Malley ? Where do you stand ? 

O'MALLEY : Anderson , look , this is — the big banks — I mean , once we repealed Glass-Steagall back in the late 1999s ( ph ) , the big banks , the six of them , went from controlling , what , the equivalent of 15 percent of our GDP to now 65 percent of our GDP . And — ( inaudible ) right before this debate , Secretary Clinton 's campaign put out a lot of reversals on positions on Keystone and many other things . But one of them that we still have a great difference on , Madam Secretary , is that you are not for Glass-Steagall . You are not for putting a firewall between this speculative , risky shadow banking behavior . I am , and the people of our country need a president who 's on their side , willing to protect the Main Street economy from recklessness on Wall Street . We have to fulfill our promise
COOPER : Secretary Clinton I have to let you respond . [ applause ] 
CLINTON : Well , you know , everybody on this stage has changed a position or two . We 've been around a cumulative quite some period of time . [ laughter ] You know , we know that if you are learning , you 're gon na change your position . I never took a position on Keystone until I took a position on Keystone . But I have been on the forefront of dealing with climate change , starting in 2009 , when President Obama and I crashed ( ph ) a meeting with the Chinese and got them to sign up to the first international agreement to combat climate change that they 'd ever joined . So I 'm ... 
