HOLT : Your two minutes have expired.
CLINTON : ... have said that Donald is unfit to be the commander- in-chief . It 's comments like that that really worry people who understand the threats that we face.
HOLT : Mr. Trump , you have two minutes and the same question . Who 's behind it ? And how do we fight it ? 
TRUMP : I do want to say that I was just endorsed—and more are coming next week—it will be over 200 admirals , many of them here—admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country . That just happened , and many more are coming . And I 'm very proud of it.In addition , I was just endorsed by ICE . They 've never endorsed anybody before on immigration . I was just endorsed by ICE . I was just recently endorsed—16,500 Border Patrol agents.So when Secretary Clinton talks about this , I mean , I 'll take the admirals and I 'll take the generals any day over the political hacks that I see that have led our country so brilliantly over the last 10 years with their knowledge . OK ? Because look at the mess that we 're in . Look at the mess that we 're in.As far as the cyber , I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said . We should be better than anybody else , and perhaps we 're not . I do n't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC . She 's saying Russia , Russia , Russia , but I don't—maybe it was . I mean , it could be Russia , but it could also be China . It could also be lots of other people . It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds , OK ? You do n't know who broke in to DNC.But what did we learn with DNC ? We learned that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people , by Debbie Wasserman Schultz . Look what happened to her . But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of . That 's what we learned.Now , whether that was Russia , whether that was China , whether it was another country , we do n't know , because the truth is , under President Obama we 've lost control of things that we used to have control over.We came in with the Internet , we came up with the Internet , and I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much , when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet , they 're beating us at our own game . ISIS.So we have to get very , very tough on cyber and cyber warfare . It is—it is a huge problem . I have a son . He 's 10 years old . He has computers . He is so good with these computers , it 's unbelievable . The security aspect of cyber is very , very tough . And maybe it 's hardly doable.But I will say , we are not doing the job we should be doing . But that 's true throughout our whole governmental society . We have so many things that we have to do better , Lester , and certainly cyber is one of them.
HOLT : Secretary Clinton ? 
CLINTON : Well , I think there are a number of issues that we should be addressing . I have put forth a plan to defeat ISIS . It does involve going after them online . I think we need to do much more with our tech companies to prevent ISIS and their operatives from being able to use the Internet to radicalize , even direct people in our country and Europe and elsewhere.But we also have to intensify our air strikes against ISIS and eventually support our Arab and Kurdish partners to be able to actually take out ISIS in Raqqa , end their claim of being a Caliphate.We 're making progress . Our military is assisting in Iraq . And we 're hoping that within the year we 'll be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and then , you know , really squeeze them in Syria.But we have to be cognizant of the fact that they 've had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them , foreign money , foreign weapons , so we have to make this the top priority.And I would also do everything possible to take out their leadership . I was involved in a number of efforts to take out Al Qaida leadership when I was secretary of state , including , of course , taking out bin Laden . And I think we need to go after Baghdadi , as well , make that one of our organizing principles . Because we 've got to defeat ISIS , and we 've got to do everything we can to disrupt their propaganda efforts online.
HOLT : You mention ISIS , and we think of ISIS certainly as over there , but there are American citizens who have been inspired to commit acts of terror on American soil , the latest incident , of course , the bombings we just saw in New York and New Jersey , the knife attack at a mall in Minnesota , in the last year , deadly attacks in San Bernardino and Orlando . I 'll ask this to both of you . Tell us specifically how you would prevent homegrown attacks by American citizens , Mr. Trump ? 
TRUMP : Well , first I have to say one thing , very important . Secretary Clinton is talking about taking out ISIS . `` We will take out ISIS . '' Well , President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum the way they got out of Iraq , because they got out—what , they should n't have been in , but once they got in , the way they got out was a disaster . And ISIS was formed.So she talks about taking them out . She 's been doing it a long time . She 's been trying to take them out for a long time . But they would n't have even been formed if they left some troops behind , like 10,000 or maybe something more than that . And then you would n't have had them.Or , as I 've been saying for a long time , and I think you 'll agree , because I said it to you once , had we taken the oil—and we should have taken the oil—ISIS would not have been able to form either , because the oil was their primary source of income . And now they have the oil all over the place , including the oil—a lot of the oil in Libya , which was another one of her disasters.
HOLT : Secretary Clinton ? 
CLINTON : Well , I hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume and really working hard . Donald supported the invasion of Iraq.
TRUMP : Wrong.
CLINTON : That is absolutely proved over and over again.
TRUMP : Wrong . Wrong.
CLINTON : He actually advocated for the actions we took in Libya and urged that Gadhafi be taken out , after actually doing some business with him one time.But the larger point—and he says this constantly—is George W. Bush made the agreement about when American troops would leave Iraq , not Barack Obama.And the only way that American troops could have stayed in Iraq is to get an agreement from the then-Iraqi government that would have protected our troops , and the Iraqi government would not give that.But let 's talk about the question you asked , Lester .