
 NiceBasement:
 "As President, I promise I will give people a fair fucking amount of
 time to speak" -Jim Webb

 WordRick: Right? I like what I'm hearing from him but stop complaining
 about the time.

 cormamin101: Yeah, I have liked most of what he's said. That has just kept
 annoying me.

 mfball: I did think the time wasn't divided all that equally, but bitching
 about it definitely didn't help him.

 WordRick: It wasn't, but I feel like it never is.

 secretcurse: Honestly, I think we should hear more from the candidates that
 are polling higher. Not in the sense that each candidate gets time based
 solely on their polling numbers, but hearing more from Hilary and Bernie than
 the other three tonight is completely understandable. If you're only polling
 at 1% you don't deserve as much air time as someone polling over 20%.

 KSKaleido: That kinda goes against the democratic process, though. Everyone
 should have the same amount of time to fairly expouse their views, regardless
 of how popular they are...

 secretcurse: Everyone should be allowed to express themselves in public
 places freely, but a cable news network isn't a public place. Don't hold your
 breath for the Green Party Presidential Debate on any of our major news
 networks. I think that a person that wants to run on the Green Party (or any
 other party) ticket absolutely has that right and should be able to express
 their views in public, but there's no obligation to give them equal time on
 privately owned networks compared to the Democratic or Republican candidates
 that actually have a shot at winning the election.

 Clinton is extremely likely to win the Democratic nomination. Sanders has a
 shot at beating her. O'Malley, Webb, and Chafee are all sideshow candidates
 in the primary just like the nominees from the Green, Libertarian, and
 Communist parties will be in the general election.

 KSKaleido: I get what you're saying, but at the very least for the first
 debate I'd like to see everyone get a fair shot at expressing themselves. The
 reality is most people aren't going to follow every single person campaigning
 (or even watch the debates, but I digress) so I'd be nice to give everyone a
 fair shot on the only platform that gives them more exposure. If their poll
 numbers don't move or get worse from there, then you can talk about trimming
 their time...

 secretcurse: The first debate was already limited to five people. According
 to the FEC, 171 people have officially declared their candidacy for the
 Democratic Party nomination with the FEC (sort by party to see the 171 people
 a bit easier). Do you think every single one of the 171 people that have
 filed the paperwork with the FEC declaring their candidacy deserves their
 fair shot at expressing themselves at the first debate?

 KSKaleido: Wow, you went way past my point, dude. It's fine to pick the top
 hanful of people who actually have a serious campaign, funding, support, even
 register on a poll, etc... That has nothing to do with giving them a fair
 shot to debate their points in a timely
 manner.

 mfball: I kind of feel the opposite. I already know what Bernie and Hillary
 think about most of the issues because they've been getting all of the news
 coverage up to this point, to such an extreme that I can barely tell the
 other three guys apart on sight. I think it would be more productive to give
 the less known candidates a chance to get their platform out there in case it
 might change people's minds about the ones polling higher. Visibility and
 recognition are half the battle, so it doesn't seem fair to funnel all of the
 attention to the candidates who are already on top, because letting the other
 guys into the discussion more could actually have an impact on the race if
 the media wanted to let it happen.

 secretcurse: 171 people have filed
 paperwork with the FEC to run for the Democratic nomination. Should we hear
 equally from all 171 of those candidates during the first Democratic debate,
 or should we focus on the ones that have an actual shot at winning the
 nomination? The only people that are going to remember that Chafee, O'Malley,
 or Webb ran for the nomination in a few years will be people brushing up on
 Jeopardy knowledge. They are sideshow candidates and their ideas and opinions
 simply don't matter.

 mfball: Given that the Republicans had the top eleven or so in their
 debate, I don't think it's unreasonable to suggest that we listen to the top
 five Democrats. Chafee seemed like a trainwreck in the debate for sure, but
 O'Malley did alright, IMO. You might be right about his chances at getting
 the nomination, but part of my argument is that some candidates' chances
 could be influenced greatly by the amount of media coverage they're getting.
 People were swearing up and down that Bernie didn't have a shot because no
 one had ever heard of him and Hillary was the only one getting airtime, but
 now he's getting a lot of attention and he's a competitive candidate. I don't
 know a lot about O'Malley due in large part to the fact that nobody's been
 talking about him or interviewing him, but I don't think he came off as a
 "sideshow" candidate in the debate. If he started getting more
 attention, I imagine he could probably pull numbers at least as good as the
 lowest of the Republicans that are still being talked about.

 