BAIER: Senator Paul, the first budget you proposed as senator cut all financial aid to Israel. You have since changed your view on that issue. What made you change your mind. 
PAUL: Well, let's be clear, I'm the only one on the stage who actually has a five-year budget that balances. I've put pencil to paper... 
UNKNOWN: I do. 
PAUL: ... and I've said -- and I've said I would cut spending, and I've said exactly where. Each one of my budgets has taken a meat axe to foreign aid, because I think we ought to quit sending it to countries that hate us. [applause] 
I think we ought to quit sending it to countries that burn our flag. Israel is not one of those. But even Benjamin Netanyahu said that ultimately, they will be stronger when they're independent. My position is exactly the same. 
We shouldn't borrow money from China to send it anywhere, but why don't we start with eliminating aid to our enemies. 
BAIER: OK. But you still say that Israel could be one of the countries that is cut from financial aid? 
PAUL: I still say exactly what my original opinion is. Do you borrow money from China to send it to anyone? Out of your surplus, you can help your allies, and Israel is a great ally. And this is no particular animus of Israel, but what I will say, and I will say over and over again, we cannot give away money we don't have. 
We do not project power from bankruptcy court. We're borrowing a million dollars a minute. [applause] 
It's got to stop somewhere. 
BAIER: Governor Christie, what do you think of that answer? 
CHRISTIE: Well, listen. 
You know, if we want to deal with these issues, we have to deal with them in a way that makes sense. 
I agree with what Dr. Carson said earlier. The first thing we need to do to make America stronger is to strengthen our military, and I put out a really specific plan: no less than 500,000 active duty soldiers in the Army. No less than 185,000 active duty marines in the Marine Corps. Bring us to a 350 ship Navy again, and modernize the Ohio class of submarines, and bring our Air Force back to 2,600 aircraft that are ready to go. 
Those are the kind of things that are going to send a clear message around the world. Those are the things that we need to start working on immediately to make our country stronger and make it better. Those are the things that we need to be able to be doing. And as we move towards dealing with foreign aid, I don't disagree with Senator Paul's position that we shouldn't be funding our enemies. But I absolutely believe that Israel is a priority to be able to fund and keep them strong and safe after eight years of this administration. [applause] 
BAIER: Governor, thank you. 
CRUZ: Brett, can I -- Brett, can I jump in on this one? 
BAIER: Senator, we're going to finish up with some more questions, thank you. 
KELLY: We have to stand you by, because after the break, we're going to let the candidates make their closing statements, their final thoughts, and . . . God. 
Stay tuned for that. 
[commercial break] 
