COOPER : Secretary Clinton , on the campaign trail , Governor Webb has said that he would never have used military force in Libya and that the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi was inevitable . Should you have seen that attack coming ? CLINTON : Well , let 's remember what was going on . We had a murderous dictator , Gadhafi , who had American blood on his hands , as I 'm sure you remember , threatening to massacre large numbers of the Libyan people . We had our closest allies in Europe burning up the phone lines begging us to help them try to prevent what they saw as a mass genocide , in their words . And we had the Arabs standing by our side saying , `` We want you to help us deal with Gadhafi . '' Our response , which I think was smart power at its best , is that the United States will not lead this . We will provide essential , unique capabilities that we have , but the Europeans and the Arabs had to be first over the line . We did not put one single American soldier on the ground in Libya . And I 'll say this for the Libyan people ... COOPER : But American citizens did lose their lives in Benghazi . CLINTON : But let — I 'll get to that . But I think it 's important , since I understand Senator Webb 's very strong feelings about this , to explain where we were then and to point out that I think President Obama made the right decision at the time . And the Libyan people had a free election the first time since 1951 . And you know what , they voted for moderates , they voted with the hope of democracy . Because of the Arab Spring , because of a lot of other things , there was turmoil to be followed . But unless you believe the United States should not send diplomats to any place that is dangerous , which I do not , then when we send them forth , there is always the potential for danger and risk . COOPER : Governor O'Malley ? WEBB : Can I ... [ crosstalk ] O'MALLEY : Anderson , I think we are learning ... [ crosstalk ] O'MALLEY : Anderson , I think there 's lessons to be learned from Benghazi . And those lessons are that we need to do a much better job as a nation of having human intelligence on the ground so that we know who the emerging next generation leaders are that are coming up to replace a dictator when his time on this planet ends . And I believe that 's what Chris Stevens was trying to do . But he did not have the tools . We have failed as a country to invest in the human intelligence that would allow us to make not only better decisions in Libya , but better decisions in Syria today . And it 's a huge national security failing . COOPER : Senator Webb , I want you to be able to respond . WEBB : Thank you . [ crosstalk ] COOPER : Senator Webb ? WEBB : This is not about Benghazi per se . To me it is the inevitability of something like Benghazi occurring in the way that we intervened in Libya . We had no treaties at risk . We had no Americans at risk . There was no threat of attack or imminent attack . There is plenty of time for a president to come to the Congress and request authority to use military force in that situation . I called for it on the Senate floor again and again . I called for it in Senate hearings . It is not a wise thing to do . And if people think it was a wise thing to do , try to get to the Tripoli airport today . You ca n't do it . COOPER : Secretary ( sic ) Webb , you served in Vietnam . You 're a marine . Once a marine , always a marine . You served as a marine in Vietnam . You 're a decorated war hero . You eventually became secretary of the navy . During the Vietnam War , the man standing next to you , Senator Sanders , applied for status as a conscientious objector . Given his history , can he serve as a credible commander-in-chief ? WEBB : Everybody makes their decisions when the time there is conscription . And as long as they go through the legal process that our country requires , I respect that . And it would be for the voters to decide whether Senator Sanders or anyone else should be president . I will say this , coming from the position that I 've come from , from a military family , with my brother a marine , my son was a marine in Iraq , I served as a marine , spending five years in the Pentagon , I am comfortable that I am the most qualified person standing up here today to be your commander-in-chief . COOPER : Senator Sanders , tell an American soldier who is watching right now tonight in Afghanistan why you can be commander-in- chief given that you applied for conscientious objector status . SANDERS : Well , first of all , let me applaud my good friend Jim Webb for his service to this country in so many ways . [ applause ] Jim and I , under Jim 's leadership , as he indicated , passed the most significant veterans education bill in recent history . We followed suit with a few years later passing , under my leadership , the most significant veterans ' health care legislation in the modern history of this country . [ applause ] When I was a young man — I 'm not a young man today . When I was a young man , I strongly opposed the war in Vietnam . Not the brave men like Jim who fought in that war , but the policy which got us involved in that war . That was my view then . [ cheering and applause ] I am not a pacifist , Anderson . I supported the war in Afghanistan . I supported President Clinton 's effort to deal with ethnic cleansing in Kosovo . I support air strikes in Syria and what the president is trying to do . Yes , I happen to believe from the bottom of my heart that war should be the last resort that we have got to exercise diplomacy . But yes , I am prepared to take this country into war if that is necessary . [ crosstalk ] COOPER : Very quickly , 30 seconds for each of you . Governor Chafee , who or what is the greatest national security threat to the United States ? I want to go down the line . CHAFEE : OK . I just have to answer one thing that Senator Webb said about the Iran deal , because I 'm a strong proponent of what President Obama — and he said that because of that the Iran deal that enabled Russia to come in . No , that 's not true , Senator Webb . I respect your foreign policy chops . But Russia is aligned with Iran and with Assad and the Alawite Shias in Syria . So that Iran deal did not allow Russia to come in . COOPER : OK . Senator , I can give you 30 seconds to respond . WEBB : I believe that the signal that we sent to the region when the Iran nuclear deal was concluded was that we are accepting Iran 's greater position on this very important balance of power , among our greatest ally Israel , and the Sunnis represented by the Saudi regime , and Iran . It was a position of weakness and I think it encouraged the acts that we 've seen in the past several weeks . 
