BASH : Can you answer the ... 

SANDERS : ... in order to make it possible for them to afford their education . And I want colleges to get their costs down . They are outrageously high in what they 're charging . 

BASH : Secretary Clinton , the question was not just about tuition , though . It was about Senator Sanders ' plan to expand Social Security , to make Medicare available to all Americans . Is that something that you would support ? And if not , why not ? 

CLINTON : Well , I fully support Social Security . And the most important fight we 're going to have is defending it against continuing Republican efforts to privatize it . 

BASH : Do you want to expand it ? 

CLINTON : I want to enhance the benefits for the poorest recipients of Social Security . We have a lot of women on Social Security , particularly widowed and single women who didn't make a lot of money during their careers , and they are impoverished , and they need more help from the Social Security system . And I will focus — I will focus on helping those people who need it the most . And of course I 'm going to defend Social Security . I 'm going to look for ways to try to make sure it 's solvent into the future . And we also need to talk about health care at some time , because we agree on the goals , we just disagree on the means . 

SANDERS : When the Republicans — when the Republicans in the Congress and some Democrats were talking about cutting Social Security and benefits for disabled veterans , for the so-called chained CPI , I founded a caucus called the Defending Social Security Caucus . My view is that when you have millions of seniors in this country trying to get by — and I do n't know how they do on $ 11,000 , $ 12,000 , $ 13,000 a year — you do n't cut Social Security , you expand it . And the way you expand it is by lifting the cap on taxable incomes so that you do away with the absurdity of a millionaire paying the same amount into the system as somebody making $ 118,000 . You do that , Social Security is solvent until 2061 and you can expand benefits . [ crosstalk ] 

COOPER : Senator Sanders , I want to bring it over to Juan Carlos Lopez from CNN en Espanol . We 're obviously in Nevada . It 's had the highest percentage of undocumented immigrants of any state in the country as of last year . Juan Carlos ? 

LOPEZ : Gracias , Anderson . Senator Sanders , in 2013 , you voted for immigration reform . But in 2007 , when Democrats controlled Congress and the Bush White House was onboard , you voted against it . Why should Latino voters trust you now when you left them at the altar at the moment when reform was very close ? 

SANDERS : I didn't leave anybody at the altar . I voted against that piece of legislation because it had guest-worker provisions in it which the Southern Poverty Law Center talked about being semi-slavery . Guest workers are coming in , they 're working under terrible conditions , but if they stand up for their rights , they 're thrown out of the country . I was not the only progressive to vote against that legislation for that reason . Tom Harkin , a very good friend of Hillary Clinton 's and mine , one of the leading labor advocates , also voted against that . 

LOPEZ : Tom Harkin isn't running for president . You are . 

SANDERS : I know that . But point being is that progressives did vote against that for that reason . My view right now — and always has been — is that when you have 11 million undocumented people in this country , we need comprehensive immigration reform , we need a path toward citizenship , we need to take people out of the shadows . 

O'MALLEY : And Juan Carlos — Juan Carlos ... 

LOPEZ : Secretary Clinton — Secretary Clinton , Governor O'Malley wants to open up Obamacare to millions of undocumented immigrants and their children , including almost 90,000 people right here in Nevada . Do you ? 

CLINTON : Well , first of all , I want to make sure every child gets health care . That 's why I helped to create the Children 's Health Insurance Program , and I want to support states that are expanding health care and including undocumented children and others . I want to open up the opportunity for immigrants to be able to buy in to the exchanges under the Affordable Care Act . I think to go beyond that , as I understand what Governor O'Malley has recommended , so that they would get the same subsidies . I think that is — it raises so many issues . It would be very difficult to administer , it needs to be part of a comprehensive immigration reform , when we finally do get to it .

LOPEZ : Governor O'Malley ? 

O'MALLEY : Juan Carlos , I think what you 've heard up here is some of the old thinking on immigration reform , and that 's why it 's gridlocked . We need to understand that our country is stronger in every generation by the arrival of new American immigrants . That is why I have put out a policy for comprehensive immigration reform , that is why I would go further than President Obama has on DACA , and DAPA . I mean , we are a nation of immigrants , we are made stronger by immigrants . Do you think for a second that simply because somebody 's standing in a broken que on naturalization they 're not going to go to the hospital , and that care is n't going to fall on to our insurance rates ? I am for a generous , compassionate America that says we 're all in this together . We need comprehensive 
