HOLT : ... why is your—why is your judgment ... 

TRUMP : Wait a minute . I was against the war in Iraq . Just so you put it out.

HOLT : The record shows otherwise , but why—why was ... 

TRUMP : The record does not show that.

HOLT : Why was—is your judgment any ... 

TRUMP : The record shows that I 'm right . When I did an interview with Howard Stern , very lightly , first time anyone 's asked me that , I said , very lightly , I do n't know , maybe , who knows ? Essentially . I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto . We talked about the economy is more important . I then spoke to Sean Hannity , which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity . I had numerous conversations with Sean Hannity at Fox . And Sean Hannity said—and he called me the other day—and I spoke to him about it—he said you were totally against the war , because he was for the war.

HOLT : Why is your judgment better than ... 

TRUMP : And when he—excuse me . And that was before the war started . Sean Hannity said very strongly to me and other people—he 's willing to say it , but nobody wants to call him . I was against the war . He said , you used to have fights with me , because Sean was in favor of the war.And I understand that side , also , not very much , because we should have never been there . But nobody called Sean Hannity . And then they did an article in a major magazine , shortly after the war started . I think in '04 . But they did an article which had me totally against the war in Iraq.And one of your compatriots said , you know , whether it was before or right after , Trump was definitely—because if you read this article , there 's no doubt . But if somebody—and I 'll ask the press—if somebody would call up Sean Hannity , this was before the war started . He and I used to have arguments about the war . I said , it 's a terrible and a stupid thing . It 's going to destabilize the Middle East . And that 's exactly what it 's done . It 's been a disaster.

HOLT : My reference was to what you had said in 2002 , and my question was ... 

TRUMP : No , no . You did n't hear what I said.

HOLT : Why is your judgment—why is your judgment any different than Mrs. Clinton 's judgment ? 

TRUMP : Well , I have much better judgment than she does . There 's no question about that . I also have a much better temperament than she has , you know ? [ laughter ] I have a much better—she spent—let me tell you—she spent hundreds of millions of dollars on an advertising—you know , they get Madison Avenue into a room , they put names—oh , temperament , let 's go after—I think my strongest asset , maybe by far , is my temperament . I have a winning temperament . I know how to win . She does not have a ... 
