
jessigorawr 
In terms of gay marriage, great answer Kasich. It's nice to hear a different, refreshing perspective from the Republican side of things.

Diffie-Hellman 
That answer was so obvious, it was damn near a non-answer. I would never hate someone or disown my family for coming out. Gay marriage is the law now, and we will follow it. DUH! Any other answer would have had him torn apart online and in the media. Of course it was sensible and logical. That was the only answer. It was a softball question.

IAmTheWalkingDead 
But there were candidates on that stage who would have given a very different answer, one that would have been torn apart by most of the media but praised by some of the further right media. So it's not that much of a softball question. If he was less savvy or less eloquent it could have been just enough rope to hang himself with.

Doomclaw 
This isn't really that new, he stated what is pretty much the Catholic Church's stance on gay marriage, of which he is a part of.

SuperSouth94 
I don't know about attending a gay marriage though, it would sort of amount to a sacrilege, as marriage is a sacrament in the catholic church
However you certainly shouldn't disown them

IAmTheWalkingDead 
That's not really Catholic position.

SuperSouth94 
What is the position then? Should a catholic participate in or attend a gay wedding?
Its something I've wanted to ask my preist lately

IAmTheWalkingDead 
The Church's position technically and generally speaking, of course, is that gay marriage and acting on homosexual urges and desires is a sin. If you think you are gay, your only real option is to not act on it in any way.
Pope Francis essentially reaffirmed this teaching of the church in 2013. He told an interviewer, regarding homosexual priests: "When I meet a gay person, I have to distinguish between their being gay and being part of a lobby. If they accept the Lord and have goodwill, who am I to judge them? They shouldn’t be marginalized. The tendency [to homosexuality] is not the problem…they’re our brothers." Again, as long as a homosexual accepts the teachings of the Lord, which would mean not acting on homosexual tendencies, then Catholics should not judge them and marginalize them. But the homosexuals acting on those tendencies? JUDGE JUDGE JUDGE, because they're doing something very wrong.
If you think a church member must uphold and follow every thought and teaching, then you probably shouldn't support marriage equality and probably shouldn't participate in or attend a gay wedding. But there's no express rule that says "CATHOLICS CANNOT ATTEND GAY WEDDINGS BECAUSE IT AMOUNTS TO SACRILEGE."
This differs from attending or participating in a wedding ceremony of a different religion or a non-religious variety, because it's not strictly a sin for two humans to have believed in a different religion or to do a more civil-ceremony, presuming there's still the potential for them to "come around" and become Catholic. Being "misguided" about religious beliefs isn't the same level of "offense" as the straight "sin" of homosexuals acting on their urges.
Practically, that's not how the church - or at least most of the church's membership - operates. Catholics, like members of many other religions, tend to pick and choose what teachings they're really going to follow. So perhaps that Catholic Church isn't as large, unified, and universal as it would like to believe it is.
There are plenty of Catholics out there who are divorced and who have remarried without having their previous marriage annulled by the Church, because annulments are hard to obtain. This is against church teaching and a sin. Should Catholics abstain from participating or attending these types of marriages? Quite probably. Do many Catholics actually do that? No.
Premarital sex is a sin. Plenty of Catholics engage in that. Do Catholics boycott weddings of those who pretty obviously had premarital sex with complete disregard for this teaching? For the most part, no.
So unless you want to go complete hardline Catholic and turn your back on divorces/second marriages, couples who have had premarital sex, gay couples, etc., then your best bet would be to take the general spirit of the teachings of Jesus Christ and not be a complete dick or asshole about these things. Show love and support for all of these people, and attend and participate in their marriages.
I think if you went teaching by teaching, rule by rule, you would find it very hard if not impossible to live your life 100% the way the Catholic Church wants you to live your life.
The Catholic God wears many different hats and masks. But at the end of it all, when you're dead and you're at your final judgment, is God really going to punish you for attending a gay marriage and showing love and kindness to someone close to you? And if God would punish you for showing love and kindness toward a situation that has no real adverse effects on the individuals or the world at large, is it even worth it to deal with God's shit? I guess that will be up to you to worry about what happens when you're dead and gone, or you could just live in the now and do your best to be a kind, supportive person.

uurrnn 
I was just at a gay marriage where both families were Catholic.

SuperSouth94 
Lay people do all kinds of things, I'm wondering about the churches official position
I've found it difficult to find a clear answer

uurrnn 
"I don't know about attending a gay marriage though, it would sort of amount to a sacrilege, as marriage is a sacrament in the catholic church"
Is this comment not talking about lay people? That's what I was responding to. Catholic lay people go to gay marriages.

SuperSouth94 
I'm saying it doesn't mean they're supposed to, there are plenty that use birth control and get abortions too
I'm wondering about the official position

qwicksilfer 
Why would attending a gay marriage be any different than attending a person with a different religion? I'm honestly asking. If the gay couple is having a...Presbyterian wedding...why would attending it be any more or less of a sacrilege?

SuperSouth94 
The church accepts marriages in or out of the church and you only need to get it blessed to have it officially recognized
My parents just did it on valentine's day
But a union of the same sex is a distortion of the whole institution

Oshojabe 
Do they have the same stance on attending the marriage of a Muslim bigamist? I feel like both polygamy and gay marriage are not accepted in Catholicism, but I don't see them saying you shouldn't go to a Muslim marriage because it's sacrilegious.

SuperSouth94
The church doesn't condone polygamy, so no i would assume you wouldn't attend. However I don't think there's anything wrong with attending a normal muslim wedding

[deleted] 
Maybe they understand that pretty much every civilization has some form of marriage and that it didn't originate from the church.




