HOLT : I 'm going to give you a chance right here ... 
TRUMP : I think I should—you go to her website , and you take a look at her website.HOLT : ... with a new 15-minute segment ... TRUMP : She 's going to raise taxes $ 1.3 trillion.HOLT : Mr. Trump , I 'm going to ... TRUMP : And look at her website . You know what ? It 's no difference than this . She 's telling us how to fight ISIS . Just go to her website . She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website . I do n't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.
HOLT : The next segment , we 're continuing ... CLINTON : Well , at least I have a plan to fight ISIS.
HOLT : ... achieving prosperity ... TRUMP : No , no , you 're telling the enemy everything you want to do.CLINTON : No , we 're not . No , we 're not.TRUMP : See , you 're telling the enemy everything you want to do . No wonder you 've been fighting—no wonder you 've been fighting ISIS your entire adult life.
CLINTON : That 's a—that's—go to the—please , fact checkers , get to work.
HOLT : OK , you are unpacking a lot here . And we 're still on the issue of achieving prosperity . And I want to talk about taxes . The fundamental difference between the two of you concerns the wealthy.Secretary Clinton , you 're calling for a tax increase on the wealthiest Americans . I 'd like you to further defend that . And , Mr. Trump , you 're calling for tax cuts for the wealthy . I 'd like you to defend that . And this next two-minute answer goes to you , Mr. Trump.TRUMP : Well , I 'm really calling for major jobs , because the wealthy are going create tremendous jobs . They 're going to expand their companies . They 're going to do a tremendous job.I 'm getting rid of the carried interest provision . And if you really look , it 's not a tax—it 's really not a great thing for the wealthy . It 's a great thing for the middle class . It 's a great thing for companies to expand.And when these people are going to put billions and billions of dollars into companies , and when they 're going to bring $ 2.5 trillion back from overseas , where they ca n't bring the money back , because politicians like Secretary Clinton wo n't allow them to bring the money back , because the taxes are so onerous , and the bureaucratic red tape , so what—is so bad.So what they 're doing is they 're leaving our country , and they 're , believe it or not , leaving because taxes are too high and because some of them have lots of money outside of our country . And instead of bringing it back and putting the money to work , because they ca n't work out a deal to—and everybody agrees it should be brought back.Instead of that , they 're leaving our country to get their money , because they ca n't bring their money back into our country , because of bureaucratic red tape , because they ca n't get together . Because we have—we have a president that ca n't sit them around a table and get them to approve something.And here 's the thing . Republicans and Democrats agree that this should be done , $ 2.5 trillion . I happen to think it 's double that . It 's probably $ 5 trillion that we ca n't bring into our country , Lester . And with a little leadership , you 'd get it in here very quickly , and it could be put to use on the inner cities and lots of other things , and it would be beautiful.But we have no leadership . And honestly , that starts with Secretary Clinton.
HOLT : All right . You have two minutes of the same question to defend tax increases on the wealthiest Americans , Secretary Clinton.
CLINTON : I have a feeling that by , the end of this evening , I 'm going to be blamed for everything that 's ever happened.
TRUMP : Why not ? 
CLINTON : Why not ? Yeah , why not ? [ laughter ] You know , just join the debate by saying more crazy things . Now , let me say this , it is absolutely the case ... 
TRUMP : There 's nothing crazy about not letting our companies bring their money back into their country.
HOLT : This is—this is Secretary Clinton 's two minutes , please.
TRUMP : Yes.
CLINTON : Yeah , well , let 's start the clock again , Lester . We 've looked at your tax proposals . I do n't see changes in the corporate tax rates or the kinds of proposals you 're referring to that would cause the repatriation , bringing back of money that 's stranded overseas . I happen to support that.
TRUMP : Then you did n't read it.
CLINTON : I happen to—I happen to support that in a way that will actually work to our benefit . But when I look at what you have proposed , you have what is called now the Trump loophole , because it would so advantage you and the business you do . You 've proposed an approach that has a ... 
TRUMP : Who gave it that name ? The first I've—who gave it that name ? [ crosstalk ] 