HOLT : Folks , we 're going to ... 

CLINTON : ... or at an airport near you.

HOLT : We 're going to move to ... 

CLINTON : But it 's because I see this—we need to have strong growth , fair growth , sustained growth . We also have to look at how we help families balance the responsibilities at home and the responsibilities at business.So we have a very robust set of plans . And people have looked at both of our plans , have concluded that mine would create 10 million jobs and yours would lose us 3.5 million jobs , and explode the debt which would have a recession.

TRUMP : You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history . You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history . You are going to drive business out . Your regulations are a disaster , and you 're going to increase regulations all over the place.And by the way , my tax cut is the biggest since Ronald Reagan . I 'm very proud of it . It will create tremendous numbers of new jobs . But regulations , you are going to regulate these businesses out of existence.When I go around—Lester , I tell you this , I 've been all over . And when I go around , despite the tax cut , the thing—the things that business as in people like the most is the fact that I 'm cutting regulation . You have regulations on top of regulations , and new companies can not form and old companies are going out of business . And you want to increase the regulations and make them even worse.I 'm going to cut regulations . I 'm going to cut taxes big league , and you 're going to raise taxes big league , end of story.

HOLT : Let me get you to pause right there , because we 're going to move into—we 're going to move into the next segment . We 're going to talk taxes ... 

CLINTON : That can't—that ca n't be left to stand.

HOLT : Please just take 30 seconds and then we 're going to go on.

CLINTON : I kind of assumed that there would be a lot of these charges and claims , and so ... 

TRUMP : Facts.

CLINTON : So we have taken the home page of my website , HillaryClinton.com , and we 've turned it into a fact-checker . So if you want to see in real-time what the facts are , please go and take a look . Because what I have proposed ... 

TRUMP : And take a look at mine , also , and you 'll see.

CLINTON : ... would not add a penny to the debt , and your plans would add $ 5 trillion to the debt . What I have proposed would cut regulations and streamline them for small businesses . What I have proposed would be paid for by raising taxes on the wealthy , because they have made all the gains in the economy . And I think it 's time that the wealthy and corporations paid their fair share to support this country.

HOLT : Well , you just opened the next segment.

TRUMP : Well , could I just finish—I think I ... [ crosstalk ] 
