KELLY : Mr. Trump , 30 seconds . 

TRUMP : First of all , Jeb , I am very happy that you denied that , and I appreciate that very much . He is a true gentleman . He really is . One thing he did say , and I mean that . The one thing he did say about me , however , was my tone . And I also understand that . But when you have people that are cutting Christians' heads off , when you have a world that the border and at so many places , that it is medieval times , we've never -- it almost has to be as bad as it ever was in terms of the violence and the horror , we don't have time for tone . [ timer sounds ] We have to go out and get the job done . [ applause ] 

KELLY : The subject of gay marriage and religious liberty . Governor Kasich , if you had a son or daughter who was gay or lesbian , how would you explain to them your opposition to same-sex marriage ? 

KASICH : Well , look , I 'm an old-fashioned person here , and I happen to believe in traditional marriage . But I've also said the court has ruled -- 

KELLY : How would you -- how would you explain it to a child ? 

KASICH : Wait , Megyn , the court has ruled , and I said we 'll accept it . And guess what , I just went to a wedding of a friend of mine who happens to be gay . Because somebody doesn't think the way I do, doesn't mean that I can't care about them or can't love them . So if one of my daughters happened to be that, of course I would love them and I would accept them . Because you know what ? [ applause ] That's what we're taught when we have strong faith . [ applause ] So the issues like that , issues like that are planted to divide us . I think the simple fact of the matter is, and this is where I would agree with Jeb, and I 've been saying it all along , we need to give everybody a chance , treat everybody with respect , and let them share in this great American dream that we have , Megan . So , look , I'm going to love my daughters , I'm going to love them no matter what they do . Because , you know what , [ timer sounds ] God gives me unconditional love . I'm going to give it to my family and my friends and the people around me . 

KELLY : Senator Paul , in the wake of the Supreme Court 's ruling on same sex marriage , Carol Fox on Facebook want to know the following . Quote : what will you do to ensure Christians are not prosecuted for speaking out against gay marriage and will Christians be forced to conduct business that conflicts with their religious beliefs ? 

PAUL : Look , I don't want my marriage or my guns registered in Washington . And if people have an opinion, it 's a religious opinion that is heartly felt, obviously they should be allowed to practice that and no government should interfere with them . One of the things , one of the things that really got to me was the thing in Houston where you had the government , the mayor actually , trying to get the sermons of ministers . When the government tries to invade the church to enforce its own opinion on marriage , that 's when it 's time to resist . 

KELLY : Governor Walker , many in the Black Lives Matter movement , and beyond , believe that overly-aggressive police officers targeting young African Americans is the civil rights issue of our time . Do you agree ? And if so, how do you plan to address it ? And if not, why not ? 

WALKER : Well , I think the most important thing we can do when it comes to policing -- it 's something you 've had a guest on who 's a friend of mine Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clark , who 's talked to me about this many times in the past -- it 's about training . It's about making sure that law enforcement professionals , not only in the way in to their positions but all the way through their time , have the proper training , particularly when it comes to the use of force . And that we protect and stand up and support those men and women who are doing their jobs in law enforcement . And for the very few that don't , that there are consequences to show that we treat everyone the same here in America . 

KELLY : Thank you . 

MODERATOR : Coming up more of our debate , including questions about President Obama 's foreign policy and these guys and their better ideas . Coming up . [ commercial break ] 
