notaneggspert 

God I hate both of them so much. Both their gun policies are completely idiotic. SAF is unconstitutional, No-fly list bans are unconstitutional. It's stripping a constitutional right without due process.

If you're really that worried about someone flying you need to investigate and clear them or put them in jail. Do you take away their right of free speech, their right to a trial, where does it end?

I'm all for putting terrorist behind bars but why the fuck do we have these terrorist suspects just wandering around if their such a concern?

The whole assault rifle style weapon thing is complete bullshit, there's literally millions of them already out there and unregistered and if Clinton has her way I'll either be taxed to shit or a felon for putting a fore-grip or not having a "bullet" button. Or for having safety selector switch instead of a fingerprint reader. None of those things deal with the actual issue at hand and only impact law abiding citizens needlessly and don't address the millions of guns on the street.

I think we're better off with guns in the hand of good guys not bad guys. Gun laws only affect the good guys. I'm fine with criminal background checks but really think mental health and gang violence are bigger issues and can be dealt with by ending the drug war. Not treating drug users as criminals, actual treat and rehabilitate them. Give people help and resources when they need mental health not sweep it under the rug or treat it with outdated medication and methods.



pieohmy25

TBH I've always felt that the solution is to pass an amendment that actually guarantees the right to a gun. As is the only thing that says that is the current Supreme Court's interpretation of the 2nd amendment. If they reinterpret, which they can, they could do away with this. And well to be honest I agree because I don't think the 2nd amendment enshrines anything other than a fighting force for the President ( Article 2 Section 2 ). But I usually get decried as anti gun etc when I bring this up. I'm not and I doubt such an amendment would have any trouble passing. Personally I don't care for guns and don't really want anything to do with them. I don't care if others have them however.


notaneggspert 

Went from +6 to -2 real quick.

Would love to hear a counter argument.



Fluffymufinz 

I love guns. Have shot my fair share of ARs and I LOVE it, however there isn't a single scenario I can come up with that would upset me if they were banned


notaneggspert 

But the problem with banning them is there's roughly 4-6 million AR style rifles already in the hands of Americans. Does a ban prevent the sale of them, re-sale of them, the use of them, the ownership? If they wanted to ban them they needed to do it 30 years ago I think they're to "common place" for a ban to do anything.

The logistics of a ban is what bothers me the most. I don't think it's going to save any lives just remove freedoms. And that's what this nation is supposed to be based on, it's why the constitution exists for personal freedoms.



Fluffymufinz 

I see that and you're right. But I vote for people to happily be smarter than I am about it. Could also ban resale, and within, 30 years from now have it be illegal. Yes they are commonplace but just because something is hard doesn't mean we shouldn't do it.

Owning guns is a right. Owning an AR has no purpose. It has one sole purpose and that's to kill people. It has no other value. We don't need it. I still support hand guns though.


notaneggspert

Hand guns are responsible more gun deaths than AR style rifles. Yes in mass shooting events AR style rifles are commonly used but most of the gun deaths in cities like Chicago or LA are from handguns. Statistically speaking if you're going to be shot it's probably going to be from a handgun.

Hand guns are hard to shoot accurately if someone is using a gun at a range a pistol is arguably more "dangerous". Clearing failures is more dangerous and if you're holstering/drawing your more likely to shoot someone else or yourself from an accidental discharge.

AR style rifles are safer at a gun range, hard to shoot yourself with while cleaning, they aren't easy to conceal. Yes they can do more damage to people if you use them that way but I'd argue that the handguns conceal-ability makes them pretty good at killing people.

Millions of people own ARs and the vast majority of them do everything with them but kill people.

I don't think we need them.

I don't need a car that can drive more than 80mph there's only a handful of roads I can even drive close to 80mph on in my area.

I don't think we need alcohol either. There'd be no drunk drivers, less fights, less accidental deaths we don't need alcohol.

Do I enjoy fast cars, and good beer (separately and responsibly)? You bet.

But just because we don't need something doesn't mean we shouldn't be allowed to own it and be able to use it in moderation. And I think that that's what freedom is all about.

