
 PolishMusic:
 I'm not watching the debate, is Bernie really doing that "bad" as
 the comments suggest?

 slambient: No

 AtomicSteve21: 

 There's a youtube livestream that you can find on /r/politics

 And yes, he's not doing great.

 CunderscoreF: It just seems like everyone is going straight for him with
 all of their answers.

 PolishMusic: He isn't really the typical "I'ma attack you and yell
 over you" politician, so I would almost expect him to seem a bit subdued
 compared to the others.

 CunderscoreF: Very true. And I think the others are trying to play off of
 that to get shots in when they know he really wont come right back at
 them.

 reddenblack: He's the clear "Star" of the show. Some people may
 like him some may hate, but he's drawing the most attention

 Kevenomous: He got mad. :c

 comcasttown : It's not real pretty for him tonight. Maybe just because
 expectations were so high, but he's not in the top three so far
 tonight.
jonsccr7: Clinton and O'Malley are actively going against him so he's on
 the defensive a lot, but he's backing up his defense with solid points.

 MattJames: Hilary came prepared. Unfortunately I don't think Bernie will be
 reaching anyone he hasn't yet reached tonight.

 nosebleedexpress: Nope

 Anachronym: He's not doing very well tbh. Anderson Cooper and all of the
 candidates are kind of going after him.

 eaglessoar: Most people are
 attacking him, he's not attacking back but in not attacking back he's not
 responding to their criticism. Instead he's stick to the issues and talking
 points
xxFrodoSwagginsxx: Not at all. Just people being contrarians cause they
 feel the need to be edgy and go against the "circlejerk". Fuck I
 hate this site sometimes

 liamliam1234liam: His refusal to condense his thoughts into basic statements
 is hurting him. He cannot respond to criticisms quickly enough, and all of
 his answers are focused on nuance whereas the others are succeeding by
 sacrificing full accuracy for mass appeal.

 PolishMusic: That's kinda what I guessed. Bernie does incredibly well as an
 orator; his Liberty University speech was incredible, but these debates are
 so... made-for-TV-ratings. Quick quips and condensed twitter-like blanket
 statements rather than just soaking up thoughts into a sponge.