COOPER : Thank you, Governor.

O'MALLEY : Thank you.

COOPER
 : Senator Webb, in 2006, you called affirmative action 
``state-sponsored racism.'' In 2010, you wrote an op/ed saying it 
discriminates against whites. Given that nearly half the Democratic 
Party is non-white, aren't you out of step with where the Democratic 
Party is now?

WEBB : No, actually I believe that I am where the 
Democratic Party traditionally has been. The Democratic Party, and the 
reason I've decided to run as a Democrat, has been the party that gives 
people who otherwise have no voice in the corridors of power a voice. 
And that is not determined by race. And as a clarification, I have 
always supported affirmative action for African Americans. That's the 
way the program was originally designed because of their unique history 
in this country, with slavery and the Jim Crow laws that followed. What I
 have discussed a number of times is the idea that when we create 
diversity programs that include everyone, quote, ``of color,'' other 
than whites, struggling whites like the families in the Appalachian 
mountains, we're not being true to the Democratic Party principle of 
elevating the level of consciousness among our people about the 
hardships that a lot of people who happen to be have - by culture, by 
the way.

COOPER : Senator Webb, thank you very much. Let's move 
on to some of the most pressing issues facing our country right now, 
some of the biggest issues right now in the headlines today. We're going
 to start with guns. The shooting in Oregon earlier this month, once 
again it brought the issue of guns into the national conversation. Over 
the last week, guns have been the most discussed political topic on 
Facebook by two to one. Senator Sanders, you voted against the Brady 
bill that mandated background checks and a waiting period. You also 
supported allowing riders to bring guns in checked bags on Amtrak 
trains. For a decade, you said that holding gun manufacturers legally 
responsible for mass shootings is a bad idea. Now, you say you're 
reconsidering that. Which is it: shield the gun companies from lawsuits 
or not?

SANDERS : Let's begin, Anderson, by understanding that 
Bernie Sanders has a D-minus voting rating (ph) from the NRA. Let's also
 understand that back in 1988 when I first ran for the United States 
Congress, way back then, I told the gun owners of the state of Vermont 
and I told the people of the state of Vermont, a state which has 
virtually no gun control, that I supported a ban on assault weapons. And
 over the years, I have strongly avoided instant background checks, 
doing away with this terrible gun show loophole. And I think we've got 
to move aggressively at the federal level in dealing with the straw man 
purchasers. Also I believe, and I've fought for, to understand that 
there are thousands of people in this country today who are suicidal, 
who are homicidal, but can't get the healthcare that they need, the 
mental healthcare, because they don't have insurance or they're too 
poor. I believe that everybody in this country who has a mental crisis 
has got to get mental health counseling immediately.

COOPER : Do you want to shield gun companies from lawsuits?

SANDERS
 : Of course not. This was a large and complicated bill. There were 
provisions in it that I think made sense. For example, do I think that a
 gun shop in the state of Vermont that sells legally a gun to somebody, 
and that somebody goes out and does something crazy, that that gun shop 
owner should be held responsible? I don't. On the other hand, where you 
have manufacturers and where you have gun shops knowingly giving guns to
 criminals or aiding and abetting that, of course we should take action.

COOPER : Secretary Clinton, is Bernie Sanders tough enough on guns?

CLINTON
 : No, not at all. I think that we have to look at the fact that we lose
 90 people a day from gun violence. This has gone on too long and it 's 
time the entire country stood up against the NRA. The majority of our 
country ... [ applause ] ... supports background checks, and even the 
majority of gun owners do. Senator Sanders did vote five times against 
the Brady bill. Since it was passed, more than 2 million prohibited 
purchases have been prevented. He also did vote, as he said, for this 
immunity provision. I voted against it. I was in the Senate at the same 
time. It wasn't that complicated to me. It was pretty straightforward to
 me that he was going to give immunity to the only industry in America. 
Everybody else has to be accountable, but not the gun manufacturers. And
 we need to stand up and say: Enough of that. We 're not going to let it
 continue. [ applause ]

COOPER : We're going to bring you all in on this. But, Senator Sanders, you have to give a response.

SANDERS
 : As a senator from a rural state, what I can tell Secretary Clinton, 
that all the shouting in the world is not going to do what I would hope 
all of us want, and that is keep guns out of the hands of people who 
should not have those guns and end this horrible violence that we are 
seeing. I believe that there is a consensus in this country. A consensus
 has said we need to strengthen and expand instant background checks, do
 away with this gun show loophole, that we have to address the issue of 
mental health, that we have to deal with the strawman purchasing issue, 
and that when we develop that consensus, we can finally, finally do 
something to address this issue.

COOPER : Governor O'Malley, you 
passed gun legislation as governor of Maryland, but you had a 
Democratic-controlled legislature. President Obama couldn't convince 
Congress to pass gun legislation after the massacres in Aurora, in 
Newtown, and Charleston. How can you?

O'MALLEY : And, Anderson, I
 also had to overcome a lot of opposition in the leadership of my own 
party to get this done. Look, it's fine to talk about all of these 
things - and I'm glad we're talking about these things - but I've 
actually done them. We passed comprehensive gun safety legislation, not 
by looking at the pollings or looking at what the polls said. We 
actually did it. And, Anderson, here tonight in our audience are two 
people that make this issue very, very real. Sandy and Lonnie Phillips 
are here from Colorado. And their daughter, Jessie, was one of those who
 lost their lives in that awful mass shooting in Aurora. Now, to try to 
transform their grief, they went to court, where sometimes progress does
 happen when you file in court, but in this case, you want to talk about
 a - a rigged game, Senator? The game was rigged. A man had sold 4,000 
rounds of military ammunition to this - this person that killed their 
daughter, riddled her body with five bullets, and he didn't even ask 
where it was going. And not only did their case get thrown out of court,
 they were slapped with $200,000 in court fees because of the way that 
the NRA gets its way in our Congress and we take a backseat. It's time 
to stand up and pass comprehensive gun safety legislation as a nation. [
 applause ]