COOPER : Is he a hero ? 
SANDERS : He did — he did break the law , and I think there should be a penalty to that . But I think what he did in educating us should be taken into consideration before he is ( inaudible ) .
 COOPER : Senator Webb , Edward Snowden ? 
WEBB : I — well , I — I would leave his ultimate judgment to the legal system . Here 's what I do believe . We have a serious problem in terms of the collection of personal information in this country . And one of the things that I did during the FISA bill in 2007 , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , was introduce with Russ Feingold two amendments basically saying , `` We understand the realities of how you have to collect this broad information in the Internet age , but after a certain period of time , you need to destroy the personal information that you have if people have not been brought — if criminal justice proceedings have not been brought against them . '' We 've got a vast data bank of information that is ripe for people with bad intentions to be able to use . And they need to be destroyed . 
COOPER : Another — another question for each of you , starting with Governor Chafee . Name the one thing — the one way that your administration would not be a third term of President Obama .
CHAFEE : Certainly , ending the wars . We 've got to stop these wars . You have to have a new dynamic , a new paradigm . We just spent a half-billion dollars arming and training soldiers , the rebel soldiers in Syria . They quickly join the other side . We bombed the ... [ crosstalk ] 
COOPER : President Obama 's generals right now are suggesting keeping troops in Afghanistan after the time he wanted them pulled out . Would you keep them there ? 
CHAFEE : I 'd like to finish my question — my answer . And also we just bombed a hospital . We 've had drone strikes that hit civilian weddings . So I would change how we — our approach to the Middle East . We need a new paradigm in the Middle East . 
COOPER : Governor O'Malley , how would you be different than President Obama 's administration ? O'MALLEY : I would follow through on the promise that the American people thought we made as Democratic Party , to protect the Main Street economy from recklessness on Wall Street . I would push to separate out these too-big-to-jail , too-big-to-fail banks , and put in place Glass-Steagall , a modern Glass-Steagall that creates a firewall so that this wreckage of our economy can never happen again . 
