ThaddeusJP 
Hillary: I have a feeling I'm going to be blamed for everyhting.....
Trump: Why not?
Lol holy shit
143jammy 
I was undecided.. voted for Bernie, forced myself to like Hillary but couldn't. Now I just want to break the system &amp; vote for Trump.

your_dope_is_mine 
If you even remotely followed bernie's platform then you'd realize you are undoing all of his work if you vote trump

Skellum 
It amazes me how people will follow a candidate without knowing or understanding anything they believe in like Bernie.

Prime618 
It's just painful irony.

Jex117 
It's not ironic. It makes perfect sense. Everyone who got behind Bernie put all their faith in him, like he was the last chance at fixing the system of corruption - they saw how it's all rigged against them, so now, rather than calmly trying to fix it one piece at a time like Bernie, they simply want to break the system with Trump out of frustration.

ExcitableNate 
We call this a learning experience. You do the best with what you have, not take your toys and go home. This sort of mentality is that of a person with nothing to lose and nobody's futures to protect.

Jex117 
In some ways it's like cutting your losses; rather than trying to painstakingly fix a broken machine, a broken machine that actively fights against your attempts to fix it, a lot of people would rather say fuck that machine - junk it, let's just build a new one.

redditor_furiosa 
It makes sense if they are mentally toddlers, yes.

the_vizir 
Nah, they're following what, in their mind, was Bernie's most important attribute: not being Hillary.
That's one thing you can say Sanders and Trump both have in common: they are definitely not Hillary.

redditor_furiosa 
She's so loathsome! I hate how she wants poor people to have health care. Gross.



andreaslordos 
You okay buddy? Are you sure you watched the debate?



droidloot 
Breaking the system is an awesome idea isn't it? Let's just say "fuck it" and throw a wrench into the machine. What could possibly go wrong? If you're looking to make a protest vote, then vote for Mickey Mouse. You're abuse of your right to vote suggests you haven't ever actually had to think about consequences.Jex117 
 It's a broken system to begin with - corrupt through and through. The Bernie supporters turned Trump supporters wanted to fix it from within, but saw how the game is rigged, and saw how much of an uphill battle that really is. Rather than trying to fix the broken system, they would rather break it entirely so it can possibly be rebuilt - problem is, it's going to get rebuilt by all the same corrupted parties.MidCornerGrip You can say "I'm an idiot" in three words, you used too many.
Voscyllate Yup, Trump has it figured out. From Bill Clinton through today, Hillary was the mastermind behind every diplomatic, military, and economic decision ever. Man, she is actually a really good politician if she can handle all that...

the_vizirPopcorn 
Holy shit, I want that criminal mastermind as president. Most competent person in a century!
