Hyperdrunk: If you went into this debate blind, not knowing a single thing about any candidates, you'd think O'Malley were winning.
Too many people already decided that they favor Bernie or Hillary to the point that it doesn't matter that O'Malley is actually crushing it.
Clone95: Seriously, O'Malley's great out there. I like this guy and I was a Sanders supporter beforehand.
Mojo1200: O'Malley has no charisma, some of his answers might be decent but he puts me to sleep.
Skyrmir: O'Malley is doing pretty damn good. Gotta give him credit.
Cudder_Buddy: Yeah, O'Malley is doing well for debate standards. Based on the early parts, this debate will be a non-factor. Maybe O'Malley takes a couple percentage point off Hillary/Biden to get to like 5%, but the race will remain unchanged. Hillary will still be up 15-20 on Sanders, and he will be stuck in the same slow grind he's stuck in right now.
Hyperdrunk: He might position himself for a Veep nom, but yeah he has no chance to catch Bernie/Hill unfortunately.
SixBiscuit: O'Malley would have been a very strong candidate if Freddy Gray never got arrested.
MutthaFuzza: But when asked about it he took blame, I have to give him respect for that.
leeringHobbit: And the rain tax... don't forget that!
RickRackRow: totally agree. Although, O'Malley strikes me as your typical politician, I don't believe he will be able to bring anything different to the White House
Hyperdrunk: In this field of Republicans and Democrats, I don't think a "good but not game-changing president" would be the worst thing in the world. Don't love Bernie. Don't love any of the Republicans. Definitely don't want Clinton.
O'Malley is the democratic version of John Kasich. Would make for a solid, but not "OMG" President, but won't get the nomination because he's not magnetic enough to pull in the base.
MutthaFuzza: Did Obama? I think he is more oppressive than him, I like him.
 randomclock: I've briefly followed the campaign trails so far and have tried to keep an unbiased opinion until the debate. He's the only one who looks composed and confident while also making good points .
Hyperdrunk: Absolutely agree.
Bernie seems to be rushing through things, like an overworked university professor.
Hillary seems practiced and false, mastering the art of saying lots of things without saying anything.
O'Malley is strong, firm, and on- point. He has a Presidential voice.
It's a shame he has no shot, because I'd take him over Bernie and Hillary coming out of this debate.
