
 BJ2K:
 I love Donald Trump, you know the establishment GOP hate him, and he has no
 filter. I still think he is a secret democrat doing this because he has the
 influence.

 Mangalz: We need more debates with people who just say shit with no filter.
 Like a politically active comedian or something. Like Joe Rogan or John
 Stewart. Just to say shit that people have to respond to.

 SonVoltMMA: Joe Rogan vs John Stewart: The ultimate alpha vs the ultimate
 wit.

 Mangalz: No I mean like just have them on stage during GOP/DNC debate, or
 put them in charge of asking the questions.

 I don't imagine many would be eager to go.

 SweeterThanYoohoo: HOLY SHIT. Jon Stewart and Jon Oliver as debate
 moderators. I actually think Oliver would be better at being a dick, and thus
 would be so entertaining. That said, I did like that the Fox mods weren't
 lobbing softballs all night. It was a circus overall, though.

 brent0935: That 3d party thing makes this seem even more plausible...

 invader_red: Lol he would be doing more harm to the democrats if he
 was....but ok.

 Sryzon: I'm pretty sure he's a Democrat and just trying to prove he can be
 elected president. The guy is a spineless billionaire, he'll do absolutely
 anything.

 Now, that could either be really good or really bad for the country
 depending on if his end goal is financial gain or pride. I'm thinking the guy
 has enough money and is bored now, so he not only wants to prove he can do
 anything, but that he can be a president talked about for centuries.

 Honestly, I don't think he'd be a bad president if my assumptions are true.
 A guy like that doesn't just flip on abortion, guns and Healthcare. He knows
 the value of an ally and how to create financial success. He also has no
 reason to cater to businesses. I think he's made his money and now he wants
 to retire a successful president.

 CarmellaKimara: Trump gets the Republican nod, Hillary gets the Democratic,
 Trump grabs Bernie Sanders as his running mate. "We're going back to the
 days of real Republicans."

 Charles1202: I was originally thinking Bernie picking Rand as his VP to
 sway libertarians and grassroot conservatives. But Trump picking up Bernie to
 go against Hillary could be an unholy alliance

 CarmellaKimara: If Bernie picks rand, I may end up voting for Trump. That
 would be a Sarah Palin level of a pick. Trump hasn't touched abortion from
 what I've seen, whereas that's one of Rand's major talking points.

 Libertarians and Social Democrats do work together (I'm pretty libertarian;
 the government's job should only exist to serve its people [actual
 non-parasitic humans] -if something doesn't do that, it should be axed) but
 not the faux libertarians like Rand.

 Charles1202: Yea I wasn't completely serious in my post, it was more a joke
 me and my buddy keep throwing around. But Rand is the closest we have to a
 libertarian since Ron Paul or Gary Johnson

 high-valyrian: Me too.

 Ken808: It's all part of his new reality TV show, GOPunked

 ennervated_scientist:Democrats have a lot of sekirt muslins too. So many
 secrets

 jackarooh:Carly Fiorina mentioned during the "lower seven" debate
 (or whatever you want to call it), that Trump got a call from Bill Clinton
 wishing him luck for his debate.